{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Man
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/health/healthsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Honey}}, the basketball game is about to start. And could you bring some chips and a bowl of ice cream? And . . . uh . . . a slice of pizza from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/health/healthsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 fridge}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Woman
\b0 : Anything else?\

\b Man
\b0 :Nope, that's all for now. Hey, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/health/healthsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 hon}}, you know, they're organizing a company basketball team, and I'm thinking about joining. What do you think?\

\b Woman
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/health/healthsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Humph}}\

\b Man
\b0 : "Humph" What do you mean "Humph." I was the star player in high school.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Yeah, twenty-five years ago. Look, I just don't want you having a heart attack running up and down the court.\

\b Man
\b0 :So, what are you suggesting? Should I just {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/health/healthsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 abandon}} the idea? I'm not that{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/health/healthsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 out of shape}}.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well . . . you ought to at least have a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/health/healthsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 physical}} before you begin. I mean, it HAS been at least five years since you played at all.\

\b Man
\b0 :Well, okay, but . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : And you need to watch your diet and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/health/healthsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 cut back on}} the fatty foods, like ice cream. And you should try eating more fresh fruits and vegetables.\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah, you're probably right.\

\b Woman
\b0 : And you should {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/health/healthsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 take up}} a little weight training to strengthen your muscles or perhaps try cycling to build up your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/health/healthsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 cardiovascular system}}. Oh, and you need to go to bed early instead of watching TV half the night.\

\b Man
\b0 : Hey, you're starting to sound like my personal fitness instructor!\

\b Woman
\b0 : No, I just love you, and I want you to be around for a long, long time.}