{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 My name's Randall Davis, and I'm originally from the state of Indiana in the United States. When I was 19 years old, I moved to Venezuela in South America, and later returned to the United States, where I attended Brigham Young University in the 1980s. I majored in Spanish education and TESOL, or teaching English as a second language. After graduating from college, my wife and I moved to Japan where we lived for eight years. Now, I work back in the States in Utah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
However, my greatest interests are my family. Years ago, I wanted to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/hiking/hikingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 make something of myself}} in my profession . . . you know . . . {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/hiking/hikingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 get ahead}} in life. However, I {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/hiking/hikingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 realized}} that the most important things in life lived within the walls of my own home, and today, I try to put them first. My kids wouldn't remember me for the work I did outside of the home; they would only {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/hiking/hikingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 recall}} the moments we spent together.\
Therefore, I enjoy spending time with my family. I have four children, and we go hiking and camping together, usually in Utah. On our hikes, we often talk about life, and I tell stories or share personal experiences. When I do this, I can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/hiking/hikingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 focus on}} the kids without the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/hiking/hikingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 distractions}} of video games or the Internet. Telling stories sounds easy, but when you have to think of a new story on a hot, 12-kilometer hike through the desert, you have to come up with ideas {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/hiking/hikingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 off the top of your head}}.\
Now, this doesn't mean we don't have problems; all families {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/hiking/hikingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 face}} challenges in their lives, and our family is no {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/hiking/hikingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 exception}}. However, we try to talk openly about our problems, and we try to solve our problems together. Building a strong family takes time, but it is worth the effort.\
}