{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Security
\b0 : Excuse me. Do you have any keys or money in your pockets?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Passenger
\b0 : No. No. I think I've taken everything out.\

\b Security
\b0 : Okay. Go ahead and walk through the body scanner.\

\b Passenger
\b0 : Will I feel anything?\

\b Security
\b0 : No sir. Just walk through and keep your hands in the air.\

\b Passenger
\b0 : Okay, huh?\
[ 
\i Security alarm goes off . . .
\i0  ]\

\b Security
\b0 : We need to do some {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/airline/airlinesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 additional}} screening. Sorry, sir. Please come this way. [
\i What? Did I . . . Did you find something?
\i0 ] Relax sir. Okay? I'm going to open your carry-on bag. As I'm going through it, please do not try to touch it. [
\i Okay.
\i0 ] Let's see now. Hmmm. First of all, sir, you can't take any liquids like this bottled water past this point.\

\b Passenger
\b0 : Ah. Well, I really can't drink any other kind of water. Sierra Springs is the only bottled water I drink.\

\b Security
\b0 : Sorry sir. [
\i Ah . . .
\i0  ] And, sir. What's this? [
\i What?
\i0 ] No, sir, you cannot bring a lighter on the plane.\

\b Passenger
\b0 : But I don't smoke. I mean . . . [
\i You STILL can't bring it on the plane.
\i0 ] But I have it just in case of emergencies. You know, as an emergency fire starter in case the plane crashes into a dark forest.\

\b Security
\b0 : Sir. You'll have to leave that here. What's this?\

\b Passenger
\b0 : Well . . .Oh. That's my pocket knife.\

\b Security
\b0 : A pocket knife? It's almost a foot long!\

\b Passenger
\b0 : Well, it's a special knife given to me by my grandfather, but I only use it to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/airline/airlinesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 peel}} apples and fruit. You know . . . . Things like that.\

\b Security
\b0 : Sir. I'm sorry, but you can't take that on the plane. In fact, do you have any other {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/airline/airlinesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 prohibited}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/airline/airlinesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 items}} in your bag? [
\i Well, I don't . . .
\i0 ] I mean, didn't you read the sign back there explaining all of the items that were not allowed on board?\

\b Passenger
\b0 : Well, I started to read it, and I then got a little {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/airline/airlinesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 distracted}}.\

\b Security
\b0 : A little? Sir. How many times have you flown on an airplane?\

\b Passenger
\b0 : Uh, it has been a while. I think the last time I traveled by plane was about, uh, 1960 . . .\

\b Security
\b0 : Sir. Why don't you come with me? [
\i WHAT?
\i0 ] I think my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/airline/airlinesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 supervisor}} would like to ask you a few questions.\

\b Passenger
\b0 : Oh, no!}