{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nate
\b0 : Hey Phil: Have you ever been to a Japanese public bath? I hear it's quite an experience.\

\b Phil
\b0 : Yes, and what an experience.\

\b Nate
\b0 : What do you mean?\

\b Phil
\b0 : Well, it's nothing like visiting a swimming pool in the States.\

\b Nate
\b0 : Well, what do you do when you go to a public bath?\

\b Phil
\b0 : First, you take off your shoes before you enter.\

\b Nate
\b0 : Okay.\

\b Phil
\b0 : Then, you pay an entrance fee to the man or woman at the front counter. [Um-huh]. Next, you get undressed in the dressing room. And I was very surprised . . . and a little embarrassed to see that the woman who took my money was sitting on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bath1/bathsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 platform}} where she had a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bath1/bathsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 clear}} view of the men's side of the dressing room. [
\i Really?
\i0 ] This allows the workers to keep an eye on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bath1/bathsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 patrons'}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bath1/bathsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 belongings}}while they are in the bath.\

\b Nate
\b0 : Wow. And do you wear a bathing suit or something?\

\b Phil
\b0 : Oh no! You don't wear anything. Then you go into the main bathing area and wash your body while sitting on a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bath1/bathsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 stool}} about 40 centimeters high.\

\b Nate
\b0 : On a stool!?\

\b Phil
\b0 : Yeah. It was really hard getting used to bathing in that position. Sometimes, even, people wash each other's backs.\

\b Nate
\b0 : Oh really. So, what do you do after that?\

\b Phil
\b0 : Well, after you've {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bath1/bathsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 rinsed off}} all the soap, they usually have two or three large baths where you can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bath1/bathsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 soak}} for a while.\

\b Nate
\b0 : Do you actually share the bath with other people?\

\b Phil
\b0 : Yeah. Traditionally, the bath played an important role in the community. It gave neighbors an opportunity to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bath1/bathsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 socialize}} while bathing.\

\b Nate
\b0 : Huh. Interesting.\

\b Phil
\b0 : When you're all done bathing, people relax in the dressing room by watching TV, drinking tea or juice, or talking to friends. It's quite an experience.}