{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Man
\b0 : Hi, Sis. I just came over to drop off the DVDs you wanted, and . . . Hey, wow!? Where did you get all of this {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/credit/creditcardsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 stuff}}?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Woman
\b0 : I bought it. So, what do you think of my new entertainment center? And the widescreen TV . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : Bought it?\

\b Woman
\b0 : . . . and my new DVD player. Here, let me show you my stereo. You can really rock the house with this one.\

\b Man
\b0 : But where did you get the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/credit/creditcardsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 dough}} to buy all this? You didn't borrow money from mom and dad again, did you?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Of course not. I got it with this!\

\b Man
\b0 : This? Let me see that . . . Have you been using Dad's credit card again?\

\b Woman
\b0 : No, silly. It's mine. It's student credit card.\

\b Man
\b0 : A student credit card? How {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/credit/creditcardsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 in the world}} did you get one of these?\

\b Woman
\b0 : I got an application in the mail.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, why did you get one in the first place?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Listen. Times are changing, and having a credit card helps you build a credit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/credit/creditcardsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 rating}}, control spending, and even buy things that you can't pay with cash . . . like the plane ticket I got recently.\

\b Man
\b0 : What plane ticket?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh yeah, my roommate and I are going to Hawaii {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/credit/creditcardsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 over}} the school break, and course, I needed some new clothes for that so . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : I don't want to hear it. How does having a student credit card control spending? It sounds you've {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/credit/creditcardsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 spent yourself in a hole}}. Anyway, student credit cards just lead to{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/credit/creditcardsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 impulse}} spending . . . as I can see here. And the interest rates of student credit cards are usually {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/credit/creditcardsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 sky-high}}, and if you miss a payment, the rates, well, just jump!\

\b Woman
\b0 : Ah. The credit card has a credit limit . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : . . . of $20,000?\

\b Woman
\b0 : No, no quite that high. Anyway, . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : I've heard enough.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Did I tell you we now get digital cable with over 100 channels? Oh, and here's your birthday present. A new MP3 player . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah. Oh, don't tell me. Charged on the credit card. Listen. Hey, I don't think having a student credit card is a bad idea, but this is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/credit/creditcardsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 ridiculous}}. And how in the world are you going to pay off your credit card bill?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Um, with my birthday money? It's coming up in a week.\

\b Man
\b0 : Hey, let's sit down and talk about how you're going to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/credit/creditcardsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pay things back}}, and maybe we can come up with a budget that will help you get out of this mess. That's the least I can do.}