{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Girl
\b0 : Dad, I need a few supplies for school, and I was wondering if . . . .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Dad
\b0 : Yeah. There are a couple of pencils and an eraser in the kitchen drawer, I think.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Dad, I'm in eight grade now, and I need REAL supplies for my{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supplies/suppliessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 demanding}} classes.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Oh, so you need a ruler too?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Dad, I need some high-tech tech stuff like a calculator, a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supplies/suppliessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Palm Pilot}}, and a laptop computer.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Uh. I didn't have any of that when I was in middle school, and I did just fine.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Yeah, and they weren't any cars either, WERE there. [
\i Hey
\i0 ] And things are just more progressive now.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Well, we can rule out the hand pilot [
\i Palm Pilot, Dad
\i0 ]. Whatever, AND the computer . . . unless mom lets you sell the car. And as for the adding machine [\ul Calculator\ulnone ]. Yeah, I think mine from college is kicking around here somewhere.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Dad, I need a calculator for geometry, and I have heard you can download free software from the Internet.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Great. My daughter will be playing video games in geometry class.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Dad.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Okay. How much is this thing going to cost me?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Well, I saw it at the store for only $99, WITH a $10 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supplies/suppliessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 mail-in rebate}}, or you could buy it online.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Oh. Do they {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supplies/suppliessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 throw in}} a few aspirin so your father can recover from{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supplies/suppliessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 sticker shock}}?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Dad. Please!!!. Everyone has one [
\i I've heard that before.
\i0 ] and you always say you want me to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supplies/suppliessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 excel}} in school, and I'll {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supplies/suppliessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 chip in}} $10 of my own, and I'll even clean up my room [
\i Hey!!
\i0 ].\

\b Dad
\b0 : Hmmm, 100 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supplies/suppliessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bucks}}.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Well, you'll be supporting me in my old age, so, I guess so. When do you need it?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Now, right now. [
\i Now!
\i0 ] Mom's already waiting in the car for us. [
\i Huh?
\i0 ] She said she would buy me an ice cream if I could talk you into to buying it for me today. }