{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Daniel
\b0 : Hey, Ashley. How many people are coming to the barbecue tomorrow?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Ashley
\b0 : Well, um, there's your family; that's four people. [ 
\i Okay.
\i0  ] There are three from my work [ 
\i Okay.
\i0  ], and then Mike and Megan from across the street. And you and me, of course.\

\b Daniel
\b0 : Okay. So, what is everyone bringing?\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Um, let's see. Here's my list. Um . . . Your brothers are bringing hamburgers, cheese, and buns.\

\b Daniel
\b0 : Oh! I'm glad they {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/barbecue/barbecuesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 are in charge}} of that. [ 
\i Yeah, me too.
\i0  ] You know, my brother, Jim . . . He {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/barbecue/barbecuesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 eats like a horse}}. [ 
\i Uh-huh.
\i0  ] At the last barbecue, he {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/barbecue/barbecuesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 put away}}at least, what, five hotdogs and five cheeseburgers . . .\

\b Ashley
\b0 : No, I think it was six. Six cheeseburgers. It might have been more hotdogs. I don't know.\

\b Daniel
\b0 : He was still hungry!\

\b Ashley
\b0 : I know. I don't know how he did it. He does that all the time, he's . . . and he's not even fat. You'd think (he would be fat). Anyway. Oh, yeah, anyway. So, my friends from work said that they could buy chips and salsa [ 
\i Okay.
\i0  ], and they're going to bring a salad [ 
\i Alright.
\i0  ]. And one of them is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/barbecue/barbecuesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 vegetarian}}, and so she's going to bring her own veggie burger, so you don't have to worry about her.\

\b Daniel
\b0 : Okay. That's . . . That'll {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/barbecue/barbecuesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 work out}}.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : And Mike and Megan. You're going to love this. They're going to bring some of the corn from their garden.\

\b Daniel
\b0 : Oh, their corn is always so, so good.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Yeah, I know. It's wonderful.\

\b Daniel
\b0 : So, um, yeah. What about drink?\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Well, we're going to have soda and juice, and ice water as well.\

\b Daniel
\b0 : Okay. And what about dessert?\

\b Ashley
\b0 : I already have some ice cream and some homemade apple pie in the{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/barbecue/barbecuesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 fridge}}.\

\b Daniel
\b0 : Oh. I can't wait.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : This is going to be fun.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Yeah.}