{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Daughter
\b0 : Dad, Dad. What's for breakfast?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Dad
\b0 : [Dad mumbles something] 
\b Daughter
\b0 : Dad? [
\i What?
\i0 ]\

\b Daughter
\b0 : What's for breakfast?\

\b Dad
\b0 : Uh, there's a banana on the kitchen counter. Enjoy.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Dad, that banana's all bruised, and it looks like the cat took a bite out of it last night . . . Dad. Wake up.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Okay. Uh, there's some cereal in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/breakfastrecipes/breakfastrecipessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 cupboard}}. Help yourself.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : But there's no milk.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Well, just {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/breakfastrecipes/breakfastrecipessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 mix up}} some powered milk.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Ah, no way. That stuff is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/breakfastrecipes/breakfastrecipessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 nasty}} and warm. Come on, Dad.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Uh, okay. I guess I could make some pancakes.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Uh, no. The last time you made pancakes, they were as hard as a rock. Even the dog wouldn't touch them.\

\b Dad
\b0 : That bad? [
\i Yeah.
\i0 ] Alrigh. Wait! Why in the world are we having this conversation anyway? You're 19 years old. Make your own breakfast. I'm going back to bed.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Because you love me . . . {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/breakfastrecipes/breakfastrecipessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 plus}} you said that you'd make something for me if I cleaned the dishes last night.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Okay. How about some eggs and bacon? I can't {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/breakfastrecipes/breakfastrecipessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 go wrong}} there.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Okay, but don't put any of that funny stuff in it . . . you know, those{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/breakfastrecipes/breakfastrecipessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 weird}} mushrooms like you did last time.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Okay, okay. So, you want me to keep things simple, right?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Exactly. But, please hurry. My friend is picking me up in a few minutes.\

\b Dad
\b0 : On a Saturday morning?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Yeah. He's taking me fishing.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Fishing? Since when did you start liking fishing?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Since Dirk gave me this ring! What do you think?\

\b Dad
\b0 : What? Wait. I'm not going to ask. Let me get breakfast on the table . . . Then, we'll have a long {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/breakfastrecipes/breakfastrecipessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 chat}}.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Oh, he's here. I'll just take the $20 bill out of your wallet. I can buy breakfast on the way. Bye.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Oh, no!}