{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Woman
\b0 : Excuse me. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bustrip/bustrip-sc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Is this seat taken}}?\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Man
\b0 : It is now. Take a seat.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Thanks. I had been waiting for over two hours for the bus to come.\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah. The bus {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bustrip/bustrip-sc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 broke down}} about 50 miles back. Actually, the bus driver lost control of the bus when he split hot chocolate on himself, and then as he tried to{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bustrip/bustrip-sc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 regain}} control of the bus, he hit a rock and the bus blew a tire.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Uh. Are you sure this bus in safe?\

\b Man
\b0 : I'm not sure if it's safe, but you can't {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bustrip/bustrip-sc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 beat}} the price of the trip.\

\b Woman
\b0 : So, where are you from?\

\b Man
\b0 : To tell the truth, I really don't know.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Uh, what do you mean?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, you see, I was adopted when I was a baby. I was told that I was born in New York City, but I can't be sure about that. Then, my new parents raised me in a small town Texas. I'm sure you've never heard of it.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh.\

\b Man
\b0 : My parents, Fred and Norma, had a farm, so I grew up milking cows and{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bustrip/bustrip-sc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 herding}} sheep. Actually, I'm on my way to visit them now.\

\b Woman
\b0 : You mean back to Texas?\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh no. They sold that farm years ago when they {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bustrip/bustrip-sc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 discovered}} oil on their property. They live on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bustrip/bustrip-sc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 ranch}} right outside of Las Vegas. Beautiful place with a pool . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : Las Vegas. Las Vegas? I thought this bus was {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bustrip/bustrip-sc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 heading}} to Chicago . . . in the opposite direction!\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah. You're on the wrong bus.\

\b Woman
\b0 : I got to get off.\

\b Man
\b0 : Hey, relax. Spend a weekend with me and my parents on the ranch. I can teach you how to milk a cow or something.\

\b Woman
\b0 : I have to get off.\

\b Man
\b0 : Relax. Anyway, once this bus left the station, it ain't gonna stop until the next stop . . . three hours from now. The driver got really {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/bustrip/bustrip-sc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 upset}} when the last passenger made a similar mistake. Hey, sit and relax. Let me tell you about farm. I have plenty of stories.}