{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Man
\b0 : I wonder if this is going to be an interesting class.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Woman
\b0 : Yeah. Me too. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/collegemajor/collegemajorsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 So}}, what's your major?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, I've been {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/collegemajor/collegemajorsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 batting around}} the idea of going into business, but I haven't decided yet. And my dad keeps telling me I have to choose a major, but I'm undeclared at the moment.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Ah, that's what happened to me my freshman year.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, so what year are you in school?\

\b Woman
\b0 : I'm a senior, and I only have to take 10 more credits to graduate. Yeah!\

\b Man
\b0 : Well. That must feel great to be almost finished with school.\

\b Woman
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/collegemajor/collegemajorsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 You can say that again}}, but once I graduate, I have to start repaying a student loan, so I'm not looking forward to that.\

\b Man
\b0 : But didn't your parents {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/collegemajor/collegemajorsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 help you out}} with your college tuition?\

\b Woman
\b0 : No. My dad said he wasn't made of money, so he thought I should earn my own education, so I worked like crazy in the summer and part-time during the school year to cover most of my costs. [
\i Well, that's parents for you.
\i0 ] And, I received some financial aid and a scholarship one year, which really saved me. [
\i Ah, that's nice.
\i0 ] But this past year, school has been more demanding, so I haven't been able to work as much.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, you know, at least you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/collegemajor/collegemajorsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 see the light at the end of the tunnel}}.\

\b Woman
\b0 : That's true.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, have you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/collegemajor/collegemajorsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 lined up}} a job yet?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Not yet, but I'm trying to line up a few interviews at the job fair next month.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, at least you have some ideas on your future. I mean, I'm taking a business class right now, and the teacher always lectures us by saying that life is difficult, and we should prepare for our futures by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/collegemajor/collegemajorsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 setting}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/collegemajor/collegemajorsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 realistic}} goals. And the only place that success comes before . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : . . . work is in the dictionary. \{
\i Yeah!?
\i0 ] Yeah. I've heard that all before. Let me guess. Is your teacher Paul Jones?\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah. How do you know? I mean, did you have him too? I mean, the guy is, you know, he's just really . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : He's my dad. Yeap.\

\b Man
\b0 : Your dad? I mean, I didn't mean anything by what I said. I wasn't {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/collegemajor/collegemajorsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bad-mouthing}} him or anything. I mean he's a good teacher and all. It's just that . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : . . . he's a dad. That's what dads do. Lecture. He has about a thousand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/collegemajor/collegemajorsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 sermons}} on life, and he always shares them in his classes.\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah. Well, um . . . , nice talking with you. I have . . . I have to go.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Same here. Bye. I'll tell Mr. Jones you said hello, and maybe we can study together at my house? [
\i Nah, nah, nah . . .
\i0 ]}