{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Carl
\b0 : Hey, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sis}}. Are you interested in buying some used books for school? You can really save some money that way.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Ashley
\b0 : Well, what do you have?\

\b Carl
\b0 : Well, let's see. I have a science book called, 
\i Today's World
\i0 , and I'm selling it for thirty dollars.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Thirty? That's a little expensive for a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 beat-up}} book like that.\

\b Carl
\b0 : Maybe so, but I bought it for sixty. Plus, I wrote a lot of notes in the book that should help you with the class . . . if you could read my writing.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : What else are you selling?\

\b Carl
\b0 : Okay, I have English writing textbook for fourteen dollars, a math book for twenty-three, and a novel for only seven {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bucks}}.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Uh, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hmmm}}.\

\b Carl
\b0 : It's up to you. You know, these things go fast. I mean you have to listen to my advice as your older brother.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Psh}}. I'll take the English book and the novel. I need both of those for sure. I think I'll {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 hold off on}} buying other books for now. [
\i Okay.
\i0 ] Teachers are always changing their minds about textbooks. [
\i Alright.
\i0 ] And, what are those books?\

\b Carl
\b0 : Which ones? Ah, ah, nothing. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Never mind}}.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Wait, wait, wait. 
\i Finding Your Perfect Someone
\i0 . You're selling it for forty dollars? What's, what's this all about? And the price?\

\b Carl
\b0 : Well. You . . It's a . . . It's just a marital relations class. You know about finding a partner. You know, mom's always, you know, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 on me}} about that. What does it matter to you anyway?\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Forty dollars? That's a little expense.\

\b Carl
\b0 : Well, they guarantee results, but ah, never mind. You would never understand.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : What about this one? 
\i Introduction to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gourmet}} Cooking
\i0 ? Why did you take this class? You hate cooking.\

\b Carl
\b0 : Well, um, I have a friend who{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 's into}} cooking, and she's [
\i She?
\i0 ] . . . I mean, my friend's taking the class. I mean, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 ugh}}, does it really matter?\

\b Ashley
\b0 : A marriage class . . . a close female friend . . . a cooking textbook . . . I think I {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/textbooks/textbookssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 get the picture}}. Mom's going to be excited about this.\

\b Carl
\b0 : Ah, you got it all wrong. So, do you want to buy any of these textbooks or not?}