{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Father
\b0 : Time to eat!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Daughter
\b0 : Coming. Oh, I'm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cook/cooksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 starving}}. [
\i Good, good.
\i0 ] Oh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cook/cooksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 yuck}}! What's that?\

\b Father
\b0 : Ah, now don't complain!\

\b Daughter
\b0 : But what is it, and where is mom?\

\b Father
\b0 : Now, mom put me in charge of dinner because she's not feeling well tonight.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : But what is it . . . and that smell!\

\b Father
\b0 : It's pizza. I just followed an old family recipe here, and . . .\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Let me see that . . . Oh, Dad. [
\i What?
\i0 ] You're missing a page!\

\b Father
\b0 : Oh, uh, well, uh . . . well I couldn't find the second page of the recipe, but don't worry. I have plenty of experience around the house. Plenty of experience cooking.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : That's not what mom says.\

\b Father
\b0 : Well, wait, wait, here let me try a piece first. Here, let me, let me cool this off here. Ohhh, yeah. Oh, this is great stuff.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Yeah right. Why are you making that face?\

\b Father
\b0 : Well, well, it's just, just a little rich for me. That's all.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Let me try it Dad. Uh. Dad. You put a little too much salt in it and besides it's burned. [
\i Well . . .
\i0  ] And what's that?\

\b Father
\b0 : Oh, well, well, that's just part of my own {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cook/cooksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 adaptation}} to the recipe. I added some pumpkin.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Oh, not another one of your surprises. Pumpkin doesn't go on pizza!\

\b Father
\b0 : Well, okay, well, so what? Uh, what do we do now?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Well, how about some cold cereal . . . You can't {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cook/cooksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 mess up}} on that, Dad.}