{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Josh
\b0 : Hey, I hear you and Stephanie are really getting serious.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Michael
\b0 : Yeah, I think she'll be impressed with my new exercise program.\

\b Josh
\b0 : What? What are you talking about? What exercise program? What did you tell her?\

\b Michael
\b0 : Well, you know, I enjoy staying in shape. [
\i Right
\i0 ] First, I {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/exercise/exercisesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 generally}} get up every morning at 5:30 a.m.\

\b Josh
\b0 : Oh, yeah. Since when? You don't roll out of bed until at least 7:30 p.m.\

\b Michael
\b0 : No, no, and on Mondays and Wednesdays, . . .\

\b Josh
\b0 : Ah, not another {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/exercise/exercisesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 tall tale}} . . .\

\b Michael
\b0 : I almost always go jogging for about a half hour, you know, to improve my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/exercise/exercisesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 endurance}}.\

\b Josh
\b0 : Hey, jogging to the refrigerator for a glass of milk doesn't count.\

\b Michael
\b0 : Of course, before I leave, I usually make sure I do some stretches so I don't pull a muscle on my run.\

\b Josh
\b0 : Right. One jumping jack.\

\b Michael
\b0 : Then, I told her that I usually lift weights Tuesdays and Thursdays for about an hour after work.\

\b Josh
\b0 : Humph.\

\b Michael
\b0 : This helps me build muscle strength.\

\b Josh
\b0 : A one-pound barbell.\

\b Michael
\b0 : Finally, I often go hiking on Saturdays with my dog [
\i What dog!?
\i0 ], well, and I like hiking because it helps me {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/exercise/exercisesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 burn off}} stress and reduce {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/exercise/exercisesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 anxiety}}that builds up during the week.\

\b Josh
\b0 : Oh yeah, those lies.\

\b Michael
\b0 : Well, uh, as for Fridays, I sometimes just relax at home by watching a movie or inviting you over to visit.\

\b Josh
\b0 : If I buy the pizza.\

\b Michael
\b0 : But . . . bu . . . And on Sundays, I take the day off from exercising, but I usually take my dog for a walk.\

\b Josh
\b0 : Forget it. She'll never {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/exercise/exercisesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 buy this story}}.}