{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Man
\b0 : Hi. Uh, haven't we met before? You look so familiar.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Yeah. We met on campus last week, [Yeah!] and you asked me the same question.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, oh really? I'm really sorry, but I'm terrible with names. But, but, but . . . Let me guess. It's Sherry, right?\

\b Woman
\b0 : No, but you got the first letter right.\

\b Man
\b0 : I know, I know. It's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/small/smallsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 on the tip of my tongue}}. Wait. Uh, Sandy, Susan. [
\i Nope. So, was I that {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/small/smallsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 memorable}}?
\i0 ] Wait, wait. It's Sharon.\

\b Woman
\b0 : You got it . . . and only on the fourth try.\

\b Man
\b0 : So, well, Sh . . ., I mean Sharon. How are you?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Not bad. And what was your name?\

\b Man
\b0 : It's Ben, but everyone calls me B.J. And, uh, what do you do, Sh . . . Sharon?\

\b Woman
\b0 : I'm a graduate student {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/small/smallsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 majoring}} in TESL.\

\b Man
\b0 : Uh, TESL . . . What's that?\

\b Woman
\b0 : It stands for teaching English as a second language. I want to teach English to non-native speakers {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/small/smallsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 overseas}}.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, yeah. I'm pretty good at that English grammar. You know, verbs and adjectives, and uh . . . Hey, that's sound really exciting. And do you need some type of specific degree or experience to do that? I mean could I do something like that?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well, most employers overseas are looking for someone who has at least a Bachelor's degree and one or two years of experience. [
\i Oh!
\i0 ] And what do you do? Are you a student on campus?\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah, but, uh . . . I guess I'm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/small/smallsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 mulling over}} the idea of going into accounting or international business, but I guess I'm leaning now towards a degree in marketing.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh, uh, . . . Well, I have to run. I have a class in ten minutes.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, okay. And, uh, by the way, there's this, uh, dance on campus at the student center tonight, and I was wondering if you'd . . . you know . . . like to come along.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh really? Well, perhaps . . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : Okay, well, bye.}