{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Woman
\b0 : Hey, Brandon. What are you doing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Man
\b0 : Oh, You'll like this. It's a new Web site that helps you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/identitytheft/identitytheftsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 improve}} your writing skills for free.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Really? Yeah. That would be really helpful.\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah and I'm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/identitytheft/identitytheftsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 signing up}} right now.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Wow. Let me see that.\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah. It's easy. You just enter your name, your birthday, your address, your bank information. [ 
\i What?
\i0  ] Your credit card number.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Wait, wait, wait. [ 
\i What?
\i0  ] I thought you said it was free.\

\b Man
\b0 : It IS free.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Then, why do they need your bank and credit card information?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, you know, it's just, you know, just . . . just to check your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/identitytheft/identitytheftsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 identity}} or something like that. But, but it's all free. What?\

\b Woman
\b0 : That doesn't sound free to me.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, you don't understand.\

\b Woman
\b0 : It sounds pretty {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/identitytheft/identitytheftsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 fishy}} to me. How do you know that this is a trusted Web site. Look. That doesn't look like a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/identitytheft/identitytheftsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 secure}} URL.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, you don't understand. Look. It says right here on their page. Right here: "Our goal is help you learn. Trusting us. We knows how to help you in 15 days or below." What? What?\

\b Woman
\b0 : That's terrible English. Who wrote this? What country are they in? You need to help THEM with their English. I mean, this is a sure sign that they are trying to probably steal your personal information and your identify.\

\b Man
\b0 : No, no, no, and look. Here is a picture of some of their staff. And they look honest. Hey . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : You're so {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/identitytheft/identitytheftsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 gullible}}.\

\b Man
\b0 : Hey, hey. What are you doing?\

\b Woman
\b0 : I'm shutting down your computer. I can't watch my own brother {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/identitytheft/identitytheftsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 fall for}} a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/identitytheft/identitytheftsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 scam}} like this.\

\b Man
\b0 : You just don't understand.}