{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Beautician
\b0 : Hi. How can we help you today?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Customer
\b0 : Yeah. I'd like to get my hair {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 trimmed}} a little. Nothing {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 fancy}}. Just a basic trim.\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Well, can we interest you in today's special?\

\b Customer
\b0 : Um . . . Nah, nah . . .\

\b Beautician
\b0 : We'll shampoo, cut, (and) style your hair for one unbelievable low price of $9.99 (nine ninety-nine). Plus, we'll give you a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 clean shave}} and a back {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 massage}} to help you relax.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Well, I don't know. I don't have much time, and . . .\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Best service in town!\

\b Customer
\b0 : Well, okay, I'll have the complete service today, but as I said before, I just want to get my hair trimmed. A little off the top and sides. That's all. I mean, that's all.\

\b Beautician
\b0 : No problem. Relax. You're in good hands. Okay, here we go. Now, how does this thing work?\

\b Customer
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Huh?}} Wait. You know what you're doing, right?\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Relax, sir, relax. I've been doing this for ten [
\i cough
\i0 ] [
\i Ten what?
\i0 ] Sit back and relax. So, what do you do for a living?\

\b Customer
\b0 : I'm a lawyer, specializing in workplace accidents, and I'm in town for a very important job interview, and . . .\

\b Beautician
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oops}}.\

\b Customer
\b0 : What do you mean 
\i oops
\i0 . Hey, can I see a mirror?\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Nothing to worry about, sir. Relax. I'm just making some {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 adjustments}} to the hair trimmer. There we are. Okay . . .\

\b Customer
\b0 : Ouch. That hurt. That really hurt! What are you doing anyway?\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Nothing to worry about, sir. Relax.\

\b Customer
\b0 : That's what you just said a minute ago, and look at all of my hair on the floor. And how much are you really cutting off? And where's a mirror?\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Oh. And time for the shampoo. Just {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 lean back}}, and we'll wash your hair away.\

\b Customer
\b0 : You mean what's left of it?\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Relax. [
\i Your favorite word . . .
\i0 ] Relax.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Hey, hey, and you got shampoo in my eyes. I can't see. Where's the towel?\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Relax, sir, relax. I'm almost finished.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Yeah, just wait till I get finished with you!\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Okay, okay, now let's dry your hair, put a little styling jell in it, and now style it with a blow dryer, and brush. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 voila}}!\

\b Customer
\b0 : Hey, what happened to my hair? You {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 butchered}} it! And what's left of my hair turned purple. What kind of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 prank}} are you trying to pull here anyway? Are you even a licensed beautician?\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Well, sir. We offer a money-back guarantee on all our work, so if you're not completely satisfied . . .\

\b Customer
\b0 : Satisfied? I'm anything but satisfied. I want to talk to the manager . . . now!\

\b Beautician
\b0 : I'm sorry, but he's on vacation, and he left me {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 in charge}}, so if you . . .\

\b Customer
\b0 : How in the world am I supposed to go to my job interview looking like this? Forget it, forget it. Is there anyplace in this town that can give a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cut/cutsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 decent}} haircut and fix this damage?\

\b Beautician
\b0 : Well, my brother works next door, and he offers a complete package for . . . .\

\b Customer
\b0 : I know, nine, ninety-nine. I've had it. Forget I even asked.}