{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stuart
\b0 : Amy. So, how are you doing?\

\b Amy
\b0 : Oh, hi Stuart. School is so crazy these days, and when I'm not at school, I'm at work.\

\b Stuart
\b0 : Hey, listen. I'm getting together with Sara and Paul tonight, and a few of our other friends are going to join us. [
\i Oh.
\i0 ] And, we're . . . well, we're going out to eat and then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/nightlife/nightlifesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 catch}} a movie. Why don't you come with us?\

\b Amy
\b0 : Hey, I'd love to, but I have to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/nightlife/nightlifesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 cram}} for a test tomorrow.\

\b Stuart
\b0 : Ah, come on. We're planning on having dinner around 6:30 and then seeing a movie at 7:30. We should be home by 10:30 . . . 11:30 at the latest. I mean you're always saying that you don't have any friends . . . and that your love life . . . well, that you don't have one. Come on!\

\b Amy
\b0 : I . . . I don't think I'd better. I haven't been feeling well lately.\

\b Stuart
\b0 : Yeah, because you study too much. Well, we'll have a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/nightlife/nightlifesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 blast}}. Come on! Relax. [
\i Well . . .
\i0 ] And it's Sara's birthday, too. And we're {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/nightlife/nightlifesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 throwing}} her a small birthday party after the movie. Come on. Best friends always stick together.\

\b Amy
\b0 : Oh. Okay.\

\b Stuart
\b0 : Great. I'll pick you up at 6:00.\

\b Amy
\b0 : Okay. See you then, but I have to be back by 10:30.\

\b Stuart
\b0 : Ah, 10:30 . . . {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/nightlife/nightlifesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Midnight}}. It's all the same. See you at 6:00.}