{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Woman
\b0 : Hey. What's this on Facebook? It says . . . Are you getting married?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Man
\b0 : Yeah. Didn't you know that?\

\b Woman
\b0 : No. Why didn't you tell me about it? (It) says you're getting married next week.\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah, and I'm bringing her over to mom's house tomorrow. You'll love Jasmine.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Jasmine?\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah. Here's her picture on Facebook.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh. Wow.\

\b Man
\b0 : What? What do you mean?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Dad is not going to be impressed.\

\b Man
\b0 : Why?\

\b Woman
\b0 : She's got, like a lot her tattoos and a nose ring, and uh, I'm sorry. The family is going to be really surprised.\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah, she's so, well, so {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/marriage/marriagesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 sensitive}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/marriage/marriagesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 caring}}.\

\b Woman
\b0 :Um, well . . . . [
\i  What?
\i0  ] Have . . . have you taken any marriage {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/marriage/marriagesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 prep}}classes?\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah, who needs that anyway? I know all about women.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Yeah. Right, like . . . . What have you had? Like ten girlfriends in the last six months?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, that's different!\

\b Woman
\b0 : Uh, listen. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/marriage/marriagesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Obviously}}, you need to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/marriage/marriagesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 improve}} your communication skills, and the best thing {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/marriage/marriagesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 at this point}} . . . . if {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/marriage/marriagesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 you're really set on}} marrying Jamie . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : Jasmine . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : Okay, I'm sorry, Jasmine, anyway, um, you really should take a marriage prep class.\

\b Man
\b0 : What? What you are talking about? I know all about love and romance.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Uh. Right . . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : What? What do you mean?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Look. Okay. It's more than that. What do you know about, say, personal finance? [ 
\i Well, you know . . .
\i0  ] I mean, how are you going to manage your money together? Are you going to have a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/marriage/marriagesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 joint}} bank account? Whose salary is going to pay the bills?\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah, no problem. No problem. We have that figured out. My paycheck is going to be automatically transfered to her overseas bank account.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh. [ 
\i What?
\i0  ] Uh, where exactly is this account? What's the name of the bank?\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah, I don't know. Jasmine's going to take care of that.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh, boy. Right. Um, well, what about children? Are you guys going to have any kids?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, I want a large family, so eight kids would be just about right.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Wow! What does Jasmine say about that?\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah, well, she doesn't want any kids, but I'll change her mind once we get married. ( 
\i Right
\i0 . ) No problem.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Okay, what about housework? How are you going to handle that?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, Jasmine won't mind doing it. ( 
\i (Did) she said that?
\i0  ) Well, not exactly. We've been just so busy planning out our honeymoon, that we just haven't {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/marriage/marriagesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 worked out}}, you know, these small details.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Great! You know what? By the time you learn her last name, I think things are going to be over between the two of you.\

\b Man
\b0 : No, you just want and see.}