{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red251\green0\blue135;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \trwWidth6000\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5640\clftsWidth3 \clmart50 \clmarl50 \clmarb50 \clmarr50 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt80 \clpadl80 \clpadb80 \clpadr80 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Stacy
\b0 : Hi.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Mark
\b0 : Oh, Hi.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Are you new in the neighborhood? [ 
\i Oh, yeah
\i0 . ] Welcome, welcome to the neighborhood. [ 
\i Oh
\i0 . ] Hey, I'm Stacy. I live across the street.\

\b Mark
\b0 : Oh, Hi, Stacy. I'm Mark. Mark Jones.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Um. Looks like your moving. Do you need any help {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/movingtruck/movingtrucksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 unloading}} your moving truck? I can have my husband come or my kids.\

\b Mark
\b0 : Um, well, fortunately, the movers are going to do that, but you're welcome to, uh, help carry in a few things out from our car.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Yeah, sure, I can get them. So, where are you from?\

\b Mark
\b0 : Well, we're from originally from Chicago, but we just moved from a place called Springville.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Oh, Springville, that's, uh. Isn't that the . . . the north end of the state\

\b Mark
\b0 : Yeah, just, yeah, not too far from here.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : How was your trip?\

\b Mark
\b0 : Well, it went pretty well. We {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/movingtruck/movingtrucksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 hired}} a moving company, something my company paid for, and it was simply more convenient than packing all our stuff, renting a truck, and then moving everything ourselves.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : That's nice. How does this moving company work then? Was it pretty good?\

\b Mark
\b0 : Yeah. Well, in many cases, you can pack your own things and just have the company {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/movingtruck/movingtrucksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 load}} the boxes and your other items on the truck, or they'll pack everything for you, and they can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/movingtruck/movingtrucksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 tow}} your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/movingtruck/movingtrucksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 vehicle}} behind the truck if you like, and they can even, you know, move heavy items like pianos.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Wow, that's nice. So, did everything go as planned?\

\b Mark
\b0 : Well, pretty much, except our cat disappeared [ 
\i Really?
\i0  ] yeah, about three hours before the movers left . . .\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Did you ever find it?\

\b Mark
\b0 : No, and uh, we're not sure if she ran away, got hit by a car, or what.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Oh, that must be really hard on your family. Sorry to hear about that. [ 
\i Yeah.
\i0  ] Yeah, that must be {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/movingtruck/movingtrucksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 rough}}. [ 
\i Yeah.
\i0  ] No sign of the cat?\

\b Mark
\b0 : Not yet.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Uh, I'm sorry. So, um, what do you do for a living?\

\b Mark
\b0 : Well, I'm software developer.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Oh, what do you do {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/movingtruck/movingtrucksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 exactly}} in your job?\

\b Mark
\b0 : Well, um, most of the time, I develop educational software for schools [ 
\i Really?
\i0  ] . . . Yeah, and at the moment, I'm working on several educational apps for, you know, smart phones.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Oh, that's . . . that's great.\

\b Mark
\b0 : Yeah, it's a really good job. And, so, how about yourself?\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Well, actually, I'm a high school history teacher.\

\b Mark
\b0 : Oh, wow, you know, actually, I've created two apps on world history that you might be interested in.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Serious?\

\b Mark
\b0 : Yeah.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Oh, that sounds great. I'd love to see them. [ 
\i Yeah.
\i0  ] By the way, um, you know, we're having a barbecue at our place on Friday. [ 
\i Oh?
\i0  ] Why don't you come over . . . bring your family and get to know some of the neighbors?\

\b Mark
\b0 : Well, let me talk to my wife, but just so you know, we have nine kids. [ 
\i Serious? Nine kids? Wow
\i0  ], yes, so they might eat all your food.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Well, that's no problem. That's a lot of kids, but it'll be fun. Hey . . . [ 
\i What?
\i0 ] No, just listen. [ 
\i Hey.
\i0  ] Did you hear that? Listen, listen. It's coming from over there. It's in one of the . . . there something in one of your boxes.\

\b Mark
\b0 : No way. Yeah.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : That sounds . . . That sounds like a cat. Is the cat in one of your . . . Did you find . . . Did the cat get in one of your boxes?\

\b Mark
\b0 : I don't know. Let me look. Hey, let me move this box. Yeah.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Wow!\

\b Mark
\b0 : Oh, no. I can't believe it! I'm sure the family is going to be happy about this.\

\b Sarah
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/movingtruck/movingtrucksc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 I bet}}. Congratulations!}