{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Man
\b0 : Hey. Can you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 give me a hand}}with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 groceries}}? And I told you I could do the shopping.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Woman
\b0 : Wow! Do we really need all this {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 stuff}}? Let me see that {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 receipt}}.\

\b Man
\b0 : Hey, I only bought the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 essentials}}.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Okay. Let's see. Dog food. Twenty-four dollars and seventy cents ($24.70)? We don't even have a dog!\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, it WAS going to be a surprise, but look in the back of the truck.\

\b Woman
\b0 : What?\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah, ha, hah. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Speechless}}. I knew you'd love him.\

\b Woman
\b0 : That thing? That dog's as big as a horse. He probably eats like one, too.\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah, but he's sure friendly. And someone was {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 giving him away}} at the supermarket, and I . . . I . . . I couldn't let that poor thing pass another day without a loving home.\

\b Woman
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Whatever}}. Where was I? Eighteen dollars and nineteen cents ($18.19) for twenty-four cans of tomato juice? You don't even like that stuff!\

\b Man
\b0 : Ahhhh. Not yet. I've decided to change my eating habits.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Right.\

\b Man
\b0 : You'll see, you'll see.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Okay. Let's see. Three eighty-four ($3.84) for a box of chocolate cookies and twelve fifty-six ($12.56) for a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 case}} of soft drinks. [Yeah!] Changing your eating habits, huh? Do you really think that cookies are some type of diet food?\

\b Man
\b0 : Hey, I'll just eat a cookie or two every other hour. In fact, they're a great source of carbohydrates for energy. And, you see, the tomato juice and cookies kind of, you know, cancel each other out.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh brother. I can't believe what I'm hearing. Let's see. Where was I? A {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 carton}} of eggs, two fifty ($2.50) for a gallon of milk, three cans of tuna. Okay. [
\i Yeah.
\i0 ] And finally two steaks for eight fourteen ($8.14) . Now, something worth enjoying. I'll get the grill started.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, we . . . w . . . well. The steaks are for Herbert.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Herbert. Who's Herbert?\

\b Man
\b0 : Uh, he's the dog. [
\i No!
\i0 ] You see, the previous owner said that he's kind of . . . he's somewhat {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 picky}} about what he eats, [
\i No!
\i0 ], and the steaks might help him {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/supermarket/supermarketsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 adjust}} [
\i Absolutely not
\i0 !] . . . . no, no, no, and the steaks might help him adjust to his new home. Hey, what are you doing? Oh, no. Why did you throw the steaks out on the ground outside?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well, now, you and Herbert can get to know each other better. I'm going out to eat by myself.\

\b Man
\b0 : Ughh.}