{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Randall
\b0 : Hello. Today I'm interviewing Joshua on his experiences going to a Japanese school. Now Joshua, what time do you go to school?\
\

\b Joshua
\b0 : Eight O'clock.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Randall
\b0 : Eight O'clock. And do you go by yourself, or on a school bus?\

\b Joshua
\b0 : No, I have a group that goes with me.\

\b Randall
\b0 : So you go with a group?\

\b Joshua
\b0 : Uh-huh.\

\b Randall
\b0 : Now what kinds of things do you take to school?\

\b Joshua
\b0 : I take my 
\b taiso fuku
\b0 , that is gym clothes, and I take my backpack and my books [ 
\i Oh, okay
\i0 . ] and stuff like that.\

\b Randall
\b0 : Okay and what is the first thing you do when you get to school?\

\b Joshua
\b0 : We do "kiritsu, rei."\

\b Randall
\b0 : "Kiritsu" and "rei." Now what are those?\

\b Joshua
\b0 : It means "stand up, bow."\

\b Randall
\b0 : Stand up and bow.\

\b Joshua
\b0 : Uh-huh.\

\b Randall
\b0 : And what do you study at school?\

\b Joshua
\b0 : We study 
\b kokugo
\b0 , that is writing and reading and stuff like that [ 
\i Okay
\i0  ], and 
\b sansu
\b0 , that's math. [ 
\i Okay
\i0 . ]. And, let's see . . . , we do gym too.\

\b Randall
\b0 : Okay, and where do you eat lunch? Do you have a lunchroom or cafeteria?\

\b Joshua
\b0 : No, we eat in our classroom.\

\b Randall
\b0 : You eat in your classroom! [ 
\i Yeah
\i0 . ]. Oh wow. That is very interesting. Now what time do you come home from school?\

\b Joshua
\b0 : We come home sometimes at 3:00 and sometimes at 2:00.\

\b Randall
\b0 : Okay, well thank you very much Joshua.\

\b Joshua
\b0 : You're welcome.}