{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Roger
\b0 : Hello.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Ann
\b0 : Hello Roger? This is Ann.\

\b Roger
\b0 : Oh hi, Ann. How have you been? And how's your new apartment {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/live/livesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 working out}}?\

\b Ann
\b0 : Well, that's what I'm calling about. You see, I've decided to look for a new place.\

\b Roger
\b0 : Oh, what's the problem with your place now? I thought you liked the apartment.\

\b Ann
\b0 : Oh, I do, but it's a little far from campus, and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/live/livesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 commute}} is just killing me. Do you think you could help? I thought you might know more about the housing situation near the school.\

\b Roger
\b0 : Okay, what's your budget like? I mean how much do you want to spend on rent?\

\b Ann
\b0 :Uh, somewhere under $200 a month, including {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/live/livesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 utilities}}, if I could. Oh, and I'd prefer to rent a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/live/livesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 furnished}} apartment.\

\b Roger
\b0 : Hmm. And anything else?\

\b Ann
\b0 :Yeah, I need a parking space.\

\b Roger
\b0 : Well, I know there's an apartment complex around the corner that seems to have a few {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/live/livesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 vacancies}}. I'll drop by there on my way to class today.\

\b Ann
\b0 : Hey, thanks a lot.\

\b Roger
\b0 : No problem.}