{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue193;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Father
\b0 : Son, what are you . . .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Son
\b0 : Dad, Dad?\

\b Father
\b0 :Son. What are you doing here down at the beach? I thought you said you were going to buy some things for school?\

\b Son
\b0 : Well, Uh, Dad. I DID buy some things.\

\b Father
\b0 : Well, what did you buy? What do you have in your backpack?\

\b Son
\b0 : Well, let's see. I have three notebooks, five pencils, an eraser, and oh yeah . . . .\

\b Father
\b0 : Wait! Two smart phones?\

\b Son
\b0 : Well, uh . . .\

\b Father
\b0 : What, what do you need with two smart phones?\

\b Son
\b0 : Well, I use one to call you and Mom, and the other, I call my, uh, my teachers. Yeah, yeah, yeah! That's it.\

\b Father
\b0 : Right.\

\b Son
\b0 : And, uh, yeah.\

\b Father
\b0 : And what else did you buy?\

\b Son
\b0 : Well, um, yeah. I have a new iPad.\

\b Father
\b0 : A new iPad? What do you need a new iPad for?\

\b Son
\b0 : Well, you know. My birthday is coming up . . .\

\b Father
\b0 : Your birthday isn't until June. That's six months away.\

\b Son
\b0 : Well, Mom thought it was a good idea. And I have, let's see, what else? Two cheeseburgers, some fries, and oooh, a melted ice cream.\

\b Father
\b0 : How how did you pay for all that?\

\b Son
\b0 : Well, uh, ooh, uh. Time is passing. Gotta go! Bye, Dad!\

\b Father
\b0 : Hey, where's my credit card? Come back!!}