{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Secretary
\b0 : Hello, Ultimate Computers. May I help you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Caller
\b0 : Yes, this is Jack Kordell from Hunter's Office Supplies. May I speak to Elaine Strong, please?\

\b Secretary
\b0 : I'm sorry, but she's not in right now.\

\b Caller
\b0 : Okay, do you know when she'll be back?\

\b Secretary
\b0 : Uh, yes, she should be here later on this afternoon maybe about 4:30. May I take a message?\

\b Caller
\b0 : Yes. Ms. Strong sent me a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/tc1/tcsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 brochure}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/tc1/tcsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 detailing}} your newest line of laptop computers with a description of other software products, but there wasn't any information about after-sales service.\

\b Secretary
\b0 : Oh, I'm sorry. Would you like me to fax that to you?\

\b Caller
\b0 : Yes, but our fax is being repaired at the moment, and it won't be working until around 2:30. Hum . . . could you try sending that information around 3:30? That should give me time to look over the material before I call Ms. Strong, say, around 5:00.\

\b Secretary
\b0 : Sure. Could I have your name, telephone number, and fax number, please?\

\b Caller
\b0 : Yes. Jack Kordell and the phone number is 560-1287. And the fax number is 560-1288.\

\b Secretary
\b0 : Okay. Jack Kordell. Is your name spelled C-o-r-d-e-l?\

\b Caller
\b0 : No. It's Kordell with a "K" and two "l's." K-o-r-d-e-l-l."\

\b Secretary
\b0 : All right, Mr. Kordell. And your phone number is 560-1287, and the fax number is 560-1288. Is that correct?\

\b Caller
\b0 : Yes it is.\

\b Secretary
\b0 : All right. I'll be sure to send you the fax this afternoon.\

\b Caller
\b0 : Okay, bye.}