{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Paul
\b0 : Sara, I've been looking forward to our yearly campout for three weeks. [Me too] It's going to be a wonderful day for hiking tomorrow. The great outdoors. Camping under the stars . This is the life.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Sara
\b0 : Yeah, but Paul, I'm a little bit worried about the weather though. The weatherman said it was going to rain later tonight.\

\b Paul
\b0 : Ah. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/camp/campsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 nonsense}}. Nothing can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/camp/campsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 spoil}}our adventure. Those weather reports are never right.\

\b Sara
\b0 : And it said there was a chance of high winds.\

\b Paul
\b0 : Ah. Don't worry.\
[thunder]\

\b Sara
\b0 : Paul. Paul. Did you remember to bring our raincoats just in case, like I told you?\
[light rain]\

\b Paul
\b0 : Uh . . . no. I left them on the front {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/camp/campsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 porch}}.\
[heavy rain]\

\b Sara
\b0 : What are we going to do now?\

\b Paul
\b0 : We'll have to sleep in the car! Hurry get in!\
[door shut]\

\b Sara
\b0 : So, Paul, what are we going to do now?\

\b Paul
\b0 : How about playing a card game?\

\b Sara
\b0 : Uhh. I left them next to the picnic table. [Hmmm] Hey, you don't want me to go out in this rain and get them, do you?\

\b Paul
\b0 : No. That's okay. So what now?\

\b Sara
\b0 : Well, we could {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/camp/campsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 head down}} the mountain and stay at that hotel we passed on the way up, or go home.\

\b Paul
\b0 : Hmm, why don't we just {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/camp/campsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 make the best of it}} here and hope the weather clears.\

\b Sara
\b0 : That's a good idea.}