{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Man
\b0 : Well, Christmas is almost here. So, what do you want from Santa this year?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Micky
\b0 : A toy car and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/santa/santasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 walkie-talkies}}.\

\b Man
\b0 : Really? Well, and what about you, Emily? What do you want for Christmas?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Emily
\b0 : If I can't have a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/santa/santasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Barbie}}radio, um, I would have some{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/santa/santasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 fragile}} dolls. And if I can't have some fragile dolls, it doesn't really matter what I get.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Man
\b0 : Wow. Well, I'm excited, and Santa is coming. And how is Santa going to get inside the house, Micky?\

\b Micky
\b0 : Um, go down the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/santa/santasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 chimney}} . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : Okay, so he's going to go down the chimney, and should we prepare anything for Santa?\

\b Micky
\b0 : Yeah!\

\b Man
\b0 : What are we going to prepare for him, Emily?\

\b Emily
\b0 : Um. We could prepare some cookies for him and some hot chocolate, and, um, we could give {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/santa/santasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Rudolph}} some, um, hot chocolate in a bowl and a cookie. And we could give some of the reindeer some cookies and some hot chocolate in a bowl.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, what do you think? They, Um, reindeer probably don't eat cookies, but what else could we give them, Micky?\

\b Micky
\b0 : Um, apples.\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah, that's good. And, uh . . .\

\b Emily
\b0 : Oranges and bananas.\

\b Man
\b0 : Okay and what time do you think we should go to bed?\

\b Emily
\b0 : Um, seven.\

\b Man
\b0 : About seven o'clock. Well, that's exciting. I'm really happy that Christmas is coming.\
}