{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Amanda
\b0 : Hey, I know you. You're James, right? James Roberts.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 James
\b0 : Amanda Brown. Wow! It's been a long time.\

\b Amanda
\b0 : Yeah. Oh, are you going to the class {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/classreunion/classreunionsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 reunion}} in two weeks?\

\b James
\b0 : Uh, I heard about it, but I'm not sure. Where is it?\

\b Amanda
\b0 : The reunion is going to be held at the Mountain Country Club across from City Park.\

\b James
\b0 : And what time does it start?\

\b Amanda
\b0 : I think it starts at 6:00.\

\b James
\b0 : And how much does it cost?\

\b Amanda
\b0 : It's twenty dollars a ticket, and that includes dinner and entertainment.\

\b James
\b0 : What kind of entertainment are they going to have?\

\b Amanda
\b0 : They're going to have a live jazz band and dancing.\

\b James
\b0 : And who is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/classreunion/classreunionsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 organizing}} the event?\

\b Amanda
\b0 : Do you remember Chad Phillips?\

\b James
\b0 : Uh, wasn't he the quarterback on the football team?\

\b Amanda
\b0 : Right. Well, he married Sarah Rogers, and they {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/classreunion/classreunionsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 are in charge}} of the event. So, what do you think? Are you going?\

\b James
\b0 : I don't know. I never really {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/classreunion/classreunionsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 fit in}} in high school. I was kind of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/classreunion/classreunionsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 loner}}. I also remember asking Sarah out on a date, and she {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/classreunion/classreunionsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 turned me down}}. She said she was sick, and it turned out she went out with someone that same night. It could be a little {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/classreunion/classreunionsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 awkward}}.\

\b Amanda
\b0 : Hey, why don't we go together?\

\b James
\b0 : Are you sure?\

\b Amanda
\b0 : Yeah.\

\b James
\b0 : Well, sure. Why not. To be honest, I always thought you were very nice. I just never had the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/classreunion/classreunionsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 guts}} to ask you out.\

\b Amanda
\b0 : Well, here's your chance.\

\b James
\b0 : Sounds great. So, what's your number so I can call you?\

\b Amanda
\b0 : It's 435-923-6017.\

\b James
\b0 : 6017, Okay. Where do you live?\

\b Amanda
\b0 : I only live two blocks south of the old high school.\

\b James
\b0 : Okay. I remember where you live. Let me call you a few days before to{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/classreunion/classreunionsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 confirm}} things.\

\b Amanda
\b0 : Sounds good. It should be fun.}