{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ashley
\b0 : Hey, Jake. Are you ready for your trip?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Jake
\b0 : Well, not really. I still have to buy some clothes.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Well, what's the weather like where you're going?\

\b Jake
\b0 : Well, uh, it's really hot in the summer, so I'm going to buy some shorts, sandals, and a few t-shirts.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : What about the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/clothing/clothingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 rest}} of the year?\

\b Jake
\b0 : People say that the fall can still be warm until November, so I'm going to buy some jeans and a few casual shirts.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Will you need any warm clothes for the winter?\

\b Jake
\b0 : Well, the weather doesn't get too cold, but it often snows in the mountains, so I'm going to buy a couple of warm sweaters, a jacket, and a hat. I don't have {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/clothing/clothingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 room}} in my suitcase to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/clothing/clothingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pack}} a coat, so I'm going to wait until I get there and buy it when I really need it.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Are you going to take anything else?\

\b Jake
\b0 : They say it {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/clothing/clothingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 rains cats and dogs}} in the spring, but again, I'll probably just wait and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/clothing/clothingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pick up}} a raincoat or an umbrella later on. But, I'm going to take a good pair of shoes because I plan on walking to and from school everyday.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Do you need any clothing for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/clothing/clothingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 formal occasions}}?\

\b Jake
\b0 : Well, you never know when you might need something {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/clothing/clothingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 on the spur of the moment}} for a wedding or maybe someone's graduation, or a nice date, so I'll probably take some nice {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/clothing/clothingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 slacks}}, a dress shirt, and a couple (of) crazy ties or two.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : Um, that {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/clothing/clothingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 makes sense}}.\

\b Jake
\b0 : And I'll just rent a suit or tuxedo if I need anything more formal. Hey, maybe I'll get married.\

\b Ashley
\b0 : You? Married? Hah!\

\b Jake
\b0 : Wait. What are you trying to say?\

\b Ashley
\b0 : I just can't imagine you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/clothing/clothingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 decked out}} in a tuxedo for any formal occasion. [
\i What?!
\i0 ] I mean, for high school graduation, you wore an old pair of jeans and tennis shoes.\

\b Jake
\b0 : Hey, there was a reason for that, so let me explain. [
\i Yeah, ha, ha.
\i0 ] No, really. You see, it goes like this . . .}