{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Maria
\b0 : Oh, hi Dave. Long time, no see!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Dave
\b0 : Hi Maria. I was in the neighborhood, so I thought I'd drop by.\

\b Maria
\b0 : Come on in. [Thanks.] Take a seat. Would you like anything to drink? I have Sprite or orange juice.\

\b Dave
\b0 : Sprite would be fine. Uh, so, how have you been?\

\b Maria
\b0 : Oh, not bad. And you?\

\b Dave
\b0 : Oh, I'm doing okay, but school has been really {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/school1/schsc1.htm#words"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 hectic}} these days, and I haven't had time to relax.\

\b Maria
\b0 : By the way, what's your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/school1/schsc1.htm#words"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 major}} anyway?\

\b Dave
\b0 : Hotel management.\

\b Maria
\b0 : Well, what do you want to do once you graduate?\

\b Dave
\b0 : Uh... I haven't decided for sure, but I think I'd like to work for a hotel or travel agency in this area. How about you?\

\b Maria
\b0 : Well, when I first started college, I wanted to major in French, but I realized I might have a hard time finding a job using the language, so I changed majors to computer science. [Oh]. With the right skills, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/school1/schsc1.htm#words"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 landing a job}} in the computer industry shouldn't be as difficult.\

\b Dave
\b0 : So, do you have a part-time job to support yourself through school?\

\b Maria
\b0 : Well, fortunately for me, I received a four-year academic scholarship [Wow] that pays for all of my tuition and books.\

\b Dave
\b0 : Wow. That's great.\

\b Maria
\b0 : Yeah. How about you? Are you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/school1/schsc1.htm#words"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 working your way through school}}?\

\b Dave
\b0 : Yeah. I work three times a week at a restaurant near campus.\

\b Maria
\b0 : Oh. What do you do there?\

\b Dave
\b0 : I'm a cook.\

\b Maria
\b0 : How do you like your job?\

\b Dave
\b0 : It's okay. The other workers are friendly, and the pay isn't bad.}