{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Woman
\b0 : So, what's your usual day like? You always seem so busy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Man
\b0 : Well, I usually get up around 5:00 a.m. and work on the computer until 6:00 a.m.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Why do you get up so early?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, I have to leave home at twenty to seven (6:40 a.m.) so I can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/schedule/schedsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 catch}} a bus at 7:00 o'clock . It takes me about twenty minutes to walk to the bus stop from my house.\

\b Woman
\b0 : And what time do you get to work?\

\b Man
\b0 : Uh, my bus takes about an hour to get there, but it stops right in front of my office.\

\b Woman
\b0 : That's nice. And what time do you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/schedule/schedsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 get off work}}?\

\b Man
\b0 : Uh, around 5:00 o'clock. Then, we eat {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/schedule/schedsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 dinner}} around 6:30, and my wife and I read and play with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/schedule/schedsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 kids}} until 8:00 or so.\

\b Woman
\b0 : So, when do you work on your website? You said one time that you create it at home?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, my wife and I often watch TV or talk until 10:00 o'clock. She then often reads while I work on my site, and I sometimes {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/schedule/schedsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 stay up}} until the early hours of the morning, but I try to finish everything by one or two.\

\b Woman
\b0 : And then you get up at 5:00 a.m.?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, yeah, but it's important to live a balanced life. I enjoy what I do, but you have to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/schedule/schedsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 set aside}} time for the family and yourself.\

\b Woman
\b0 : I agree.\

\b Man
\b0 : But I think my wife has the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/schedule/schedsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 toughest}} job. She spends her whole day{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/schedule/schedsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 taking care of}} our family . . . taking the kids to school, working in the garden, buying {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/schedule/schedsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 groceries}}, taking the kids to piano lessons . . . [
\i Wow!
\i0 ] It's a full-time job, but she enjoys what she does.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well, it sounds like you're a busy, but lucky man.\

\b Man
\b0 : I think so too.}