{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Girl
\b0 : He's here. Bye Dad.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Wait, wait, wait . . . Where are you going?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Dad. I've already told mom. I'm going out tonight.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Who with? You mean you're going on a date?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Yeah. Mom met Dirk yesterday. [
\i Dirk!?
\i0 ] He's sooo {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dating/datingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 cool}}. We're going on a double-date with Cindy and Evan.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Dirk.\

\b Girl
\b0 : I have to go.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Wait, wait. I want to meet this guy.\

\b Girl
\b0 : He's waiting for me.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Well, so what are you going to do tonight? Going to the library?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Dad! We're going out to eat, and then we're going to catch a movie.\

\b Dad
\b0 : What movie and what is it rated?\

\b Girl
\b0 : It's a science fiction thriller called . . . well, I don't know what it is called, but it's rated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dating/datingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 PG}}.\

\b Dad
\b0 : And where's the movie showing?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Down at the Campus Plaza Movie Theater.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Hey, I was thinking about seeing a movie down there tonight, too.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Ah, Dad.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Hey, Let me meet that guy.\
[
\i Father looks out the living room window . . .
\i0 \
Hey, that guy has a moustache!\

\b Girl
\b0 : Dad. That's not Dirk. That's his older brother. He's taking us there! Can I go now?\

\b Dad
\b0 : Well . . .\

\b Girl
\b0 : Mom said I could, and mom knows his parents.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Well . . .\

\b Girl
\b0 : Dad.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Okay, but be home by 8:00.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Eight!? The movie doesn't start until 7:30. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dating/datingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Come on}}, Dad.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Okay. Be back by 11:00.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Love you, Dad.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Love you, too.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Bye.\

\b Dad
\b0 :Bye.}