{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Woman
\b0 : Hi Sweetie. Welcome home. We're ready to eat.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Man
\b0 : Well, there's something I . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : We have {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/gourmetcooking/gourmetcookingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 salmon}} and your favorite salad.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, yeah. That sounds . . . great.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Um, what's . . . what's the{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/gourmetcooking/gourmetcookingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 deal}}? I worked really hard. Look, Look. For dessert, I made apple pie.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well . . . under most {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/gourmetcooking/gourmetcookingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 circumstances}} . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/gourmetcooking/gourmetcookingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hon}}. What's? You . . . I've never made a pie before. It took me like three hours.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, to be honest . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : What's wrong? [ 
\i Man laughing.
\i0  ] Don't you like my cooking?\

\b Man
\b0 : No, no, no.\

\b Woman
\b0 : I worked really hard!\

\b Man
\b0 : I know, I know, I know, but to be honest, I just had a hamburger, fries, and a chocolate shake.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Why? WHY?\

\b Man
\b0 : I'm sorry. I didn't know.\

\b Woman
\b0 : I told you this morning I was making something nice. Didn't you listen?\

\b Man
\b0 : I'm sorry, I forgot. I mean . . . Wait . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : Serious.\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah, wait. Wait, wait. What are you doing? Why are you putting the food in my shoes?\

\b Woman
\b0 : So you can enjoy it as you walk to work tomorrow.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, no. I'm sorry!}