{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Father
\b0 : Hi Michael. Happy Birthday! How old are you today?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Son
\b0 : Seven.\

\b Father
\b0 : Alright. Well, let's sing Happy Birthday:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Happy Birthday to you,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Happy Birthday to you,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Happy Birthday dear Michael,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Happy Birthday to you.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Father
\b0 : Alright. So what should we do first?\

\b Son
\b0 : How about cake and ice cream?\

\b Father
\b0 : Okay. Well, uh let . . . let's light the candles. Okay, and make a wish! Don't . . . don't tell me.\

\b Son
\b0 : Don't tell you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Father
\b0 : Yeah, don't tell me. Okay, and go ahead and blow out the candles. Okay, let's cut the cake, and then we can have cake and ice cream. And what do you want to do after the cake and ice cream?\

\b Son
\b0 : Play {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/birthday/birthdaysc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 freeze}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/birthday/birthdaysc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 tag}}.\

\b Father
\b0 : Now, how do you play tag?\

\b Son
\b0 : Um . . . one person is it, and the person who is it tries to tag everyone [Alright. And then . . . ] before I tag someone and then, another person tags me.\

\b Father
\b0 : Oh, wow. And whose coming over later today for your birthday?\

\b Son
\b0 : Well, everyone. Uh, my cousins, all my aunts and grandmas, grandpas.\

\b Father
\b0 : Alright. Well, Happy Birthday, Michael.\
}