{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Justin
\b0 : Uh, hi. Do you need some help with those {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/healthclub/healthclubsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 weights}}? I can move them for you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Rachel
\b0 : Uh, no. I can do it myself. I just have to put them back over there.\

\b Justin
\b0 : No, let me help you. Uh, Oh, Hmpf.\

\b Rachel
\b0 : Oh, it's okay.\

\b Justin
\b0 : Oh, my back!\

\b Rachel
\b0 : It's okay, it's okay. Are you okay?\

\b Justin
\b0 : I just need to lie down here. Uh. Do you come here often?\

\b Rachel
\b0 : Yeah. I usually come five times a week.\

\b Justin
\b0 : Oh, oh man. By the way, my name's Justin.\

\b Rachel
\b0 : I'm Rachel.\

\b Justin
\b0 : Uh, so, where are you from?\

\b Rachel
\b0 : I'm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/healthclub/healthclubsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 originally}} from California . . . Are you sure you're okay?\

\b Justin
\b0 : (
\i Said in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/healthclub/healthclubsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 agony}}
\i0 ) Yeah, um, I'm okay. Where are you from?\

\b Rachel
\b0 : Um, I spent most of my life in a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/healthclub/healthclubsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 town}} in Utah called Spanish Fork actually.\

\b Justin
\b0 : Oh, um, I just need to lie here.\

\b Rachel
\b0 : Um, so, where are you from, Justin? I'm going to call the manager.\

\b Justin
\b0 : No, no, no, no, no! I just need to rest. Oh yeah, I'm from, from, uh, from Spanish Fork.\

\b Rachel
\b0 : Wait. Are you sure? You're just not thinking right.\

\b Justin
\b0 : No, no, no. Not Spanish . . . . Ah, No, I'm from Salt Lake City. So, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/healthclub/healthclubsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 what do you do for a living}} anyway? Are you a body builder or something?\

\b Rachel
\b0 : No, no. I'm a teacher.\

\b Justin
\b0 : Oh, so what do you teach?\

\b Rachel
\b0 : I teach math and science, and it doesn't take a science teacher to tell me that you need a doctor.\

\b Justin
\b0 : No, I'm okay, I'm okay. I'll stand here in a minute. Uh, could I have your phone number? You know, just in case.\

\b Rachel
\b0 : I don't think so. I think 911 is the number you need {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/healthclub/healthclubsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 at this point}}.\

\b Justin
\b0 : (
\i Crying in pain
\i0 ) Ohhhh!}