{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Waiter
\b0 : Hi. Welcome to Heavenly Pies. May I take your order?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Man
\b0 : Uh . . . yes. I'd like the chicken fried steak.\

\b Waiter
\b0 : Okay. Would you like fries, bread, or rice with your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/pie1/piesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 meal}}?\

\b Man
\b0 : Umm. I'll take the rice?\

\b Waiter
\b0 : Would you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/pie1/piesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 care}} for anything to drink?\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah. I'll take a medium orange juice.\

\b Waiter
\b0 : I'm sorry. We only have large or small.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, in that case, uh, I'll have a small one.\

\b Waiter
\b0 : Okay. A small juice. And what kind of dressing would you like with your salad. It comes with the fried steak.\

\b Man
\b0 : What dressings do you have?\

\b Waiter
\b0 : We have French, Italian, blue cheese, and ranch.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh! Ranch, please.\

\b Waiter
\b0 : Would you like anything else?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, I'd like to see your pie menu. That's the main reason why I like to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/pie1/piesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 dine}}here.\

\b Waiter
\b0 : Oh, I'm so sorry, but we aren't serving pies today.\

\b Man
\b0 : Huh? I thought this was Heavenly Pies Restaurant.\

\b Waiter
\b0 : Well, it usually is, but, Dave, our baker, slipped in the kitchen on a banana two days ago, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/pie1/piesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 hurt}} his leg. [
\i Oh
\i0 ] He'll be out for at least two weeks. In the meantime, we're serving ice cream sundaes instead. Sorry.\

\b Man
\b0 : Wow. I'm sorry to hear that. Well in that case, I'll have an ice cream sundae.\

\b Woman
\b0 : I'll be back with your order in a few minutes}