{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Doug
\b0 : Uh, hi there Diane. Nah, okay. Uh . . . Hi, what's up, Di? Okay, here we go. . .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [
\i doorbell ringing
\i0  ]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Diane
\b0 : Uh, hi. It's David, right?\

\b Doug
\b0 : No, Doug. Remember? We met at Gary's party last Friday night.\

\b Diane
\b0 : Oh, yeah. Now I remember. You were standing all alone . . . uh, oh, I . . . I mean . . . I mean, you . . . you know. We started talking about school and stuff. [
\i Yeah, yeah.
\i0 ]. Uh, how did you know I lived here?\

\b Doug
\b0 : Well, I just live around the corner, and I asked Gary if he knew how I could contact you, and . . .\

\b Diane
\b0 : And?\

\b Doug
\b0 : Well, I was just wondering if you'd like to go out this Thursday night. [Oh.]. Well, there's this real great movie playing downtown at the theater, [
\i Uh . . .
\i0 ] and I thought . . . Well . . . well, we can't use my car 'cause I was in an accident with this wild man driving this BMW, so I've already checked the bus schedule, and . . .\

\b Diane
\b0 : Uh-hem [
\i Well
\i0 ], Well, David [
\i No Doug! Remember?
\i0 ] Oh yeah. Doug. I'm sorry, but I have to work that evening.\

\b Doug
\b0 : Oh really? Well, I thought you said before that you quit your job.\

\b Diane
\b0 : Well, I did, but I found a new one.\

\b Doug
\b0 : Uh, well, how about this Friday night? We could have dinner and then see that movie.\

\b Diane
\b0 : A movie? How boring!\

\b Doug
\b0 : Well, well, uh, well. A movie? Yeah, for . . . forget a movie.\

\b Diane
\b0 : Anyway, I'm afraid I have to cook dinner for my family, and . . .\

\b Doug
\b0 : Hey, I love to cook. We could {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/invite/invitesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 whip something up}} together! I mean, it would be great!\

\b Diane
\b0 : I don't think that's a good idea. It's just a family occasion and . . .\

\b Doug
\b0 : Well, hey, are you free this Saturday night? I have two tickets to the football game, and I thought . . .\

\b Diane
\b0 : Sure. I'd love to go. [
\i Okay!
\i0 ] I've wanted to see a game all year. [
\i Yeah!
\i0 ] My roommate will be so surprised when she finds out I have a ticket for her, and . . .\

\b Doug
\b0 : Well, but . . .\

\b Diane
\b0 : Oh [
\i car screeching . . .
\i0  ] . . . and here's my brother! He's a defensive{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/invite/invitesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 lineman}} on the team.\

\b Doug
\b0 : Well, he doesn't look too happy.\

\b Diane
\b0 : Ah, he's a teddy bear, but hasn't been the same since someone ran into his BMW.\

\b Doug
\b0 : Oh. Let me guess. Red, right?\

\b Diane
\b0 : Right. [
\i Oh
\i0 ] And, it's just that he's a little protective of me since I am his baby sister.\

\b Doug
\b0 : Hey, well, it's been really nice talking to you, but I have to run. Hey. Here are the tickets. Have a great time and, by the way, can I go out your back door?}