{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Teacher
\b0 : Oh, hi. What was your name again. I can't {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/childintro/childintrosc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 keep straight}} all the students' names this being the second day of school.\

\b Student
\b0 : It's okay. I have a hard time remembering names myself.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : How, uh, Karen, right?\

\b Student
\b0 : No, it's Nancy. My mom's name is Karen.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Nancy. Okay. I think I heard you were from England.\

\b Student
\b0 : Well, I was born there, but my parents are American. I grew up in France.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Oh, a world traveller!\

\b Student
\b0 : But then we moved here when I was nine.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : So, what does your father do now?\

\b Student
\b0 : Well, he's a college professor, and he is in Scotland at the moment.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : How interesting. What does he teach?\

\b Student
\b0 : Oh, I haven't a clue. Nah, just joking. He teaches chemistry.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Oh, chemistry, and uh, what about your mother?\

\b Student
\b0 : She works full time at home.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Oh, and what, does she have her own business or something?\

\b Student
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/childintro/childintrosc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nah}}, she takes care of me.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Well, being a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/childintro/childintrosc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 homemaker}} can be a real hard, but rewarding job.\

\b Student
\b0 : I think so too.}