{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Jori
\b0 : Hi Dave. [
\i Hi
\i0 ] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/party/partscr1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Happy to see you could make it}}. Come on in.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Dave
\b0 : Wow. Looks like the party is in{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/party/partscr1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 full swing}}.\

\b Jori
\b0 : Yeah. And {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/party/partscr1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 they're eating me out of house and home}}. Oh, I'd like you to meet my sister, Carol. She's visiting for the weekend.\

\b Dave
\b0 : Oh. Which one is she?\

\b Jori
\b0 : She's sitting on the sofa over there.\

\b Dave
\b0 : You mean the woman wearing the red sweater with the long black hair?\

\b Jori
\b0 : Yeah. That's right. Let me introduce you to her. I just know you two will {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/party/partscr1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 hit it off}}. You're both so {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/party/partscr1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 outgoing}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/party/partscr1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 adventurous}}.\

\b Dave
\b0 : Uh, and who's the man sitting next to her? Uh, the man with the suit jacket and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/party/partscr1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 flashy}} green tie?\

\b Jori
\b0 : Oh, that's Bob, my karate teacher.\

\b Dave
\b0 : Karate teacher! I never knew you were into karate.\

\b Jori
\b0 : Yeah, I started about two months ago. Come on. I'd like you to meet them.}