{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Heather
\b0 : Hey. John. This looks a great party. [
\i Yeah!
\i0 ] Thanks for inviting me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 John
\b0 : No problem. Glad you could make it. Hey. Have you met any of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/partyinvitations/partyinvitationssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 famous}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/partyinvitations/partyinvitationssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 guests}} so far?\

\b Heather
\b0 : Uh, no. Who {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/partyinvitations/partyinvitationssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 exactly}}?\

\b John
\b0 : Well, there is Gregorio Zuttlemisterburger . . . [
\i Who?
\i0 ]. Ah. They call him the "Grip" for short.\

\b Heather
\b0 : Who in the world is he?\

\b John
\b0 : You've never heard of him? [
\i No
\i0 .] He's the world famous snake trainer . . . He's never met a snake he couldn't train to dance and hiss at the same time.\

\b Heather
\b0 : Seriously? Where is he?\

\b John
\b0 : Uh, he's the tall guy over there in the purple jacket and green pants. He probably has a snake or two with him tonight.\

\b Heather
\b0 : Huh?\

\b John
\b0 : And then there is Georgina, the Great.\

\b Heather
\b0 : Georgina . . . and great for what?\

\b John
\b0 : Are you serious? You've never heard of her? She is the world's greatest arm wrestler. I mean, World champion. She's the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/partyinvitations/partyinvitationssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 petite}} woman next to the fireplace with the bright yellow dress and the tennis shoes.\

\b Heather
\b0 : I thought you said famous people . . . like, like people we all know.\

\b John
\b0 : And, and there is Brad Pitt . . .\

\b Heather
\b0 : Now, there's someone I recognize . . .\

\b John
\b0 : . . . the captain of the national Yo-Yo team [
\i What?
\i0 ]. Yeah. He's the short,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/partyinvitations/partyinvitationssc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 stocky}} man sitting at the table wearing the black and red checkered shirt. I'm sure he'd do a few tricks for you if you asked.\

\b Heather
\b0 : Uh, no thank you. I think I've had enough entertainment for one evening.\

\b John
\b0 : Okay.}