{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Scott
\b0 : Dave. I'm going to the{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/picnic/picsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 supermarket}} to pick up food and drink for Saturday's picnic later. Any suggestions?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Dave
\b0 : Well, everyone has been{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/picnic/picsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 talking about}} having a barbecue down by the river, so why don't you pick up some hamburger and hot dogs?\

\b Scott
\b0 : Okay, but how much hamburger meat are we going to need? And hot dogs too?\

\b Dave
\b0 : Uh, I don't know. How about three {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/picnic/picsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pounds}} of hamburger and a couple packages of hot dogs?\

\b Scott
\b0 : Oh, that's not going to be enough. Do you remember the last picnic we went on? Your roommate, Jim, ate about ten hamburgers by himself!\

\b Dave
\b0 : You're right. Let's see. I'd better write this down. Uh, let's see about nine pounds of hamburger meat and, uh . . . , seven {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/picnic/picsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 packages}} of hot dogs.\

\b Scott
\b0 : And you better pick up some chicken for those who don't like hamburger or hot dogs.\

\b Dave
\b0 : Okay. How about five or six bags of potato chips?\

\b Scott
\b0 : Humm. Better make that eight or so.\

\b Dave
\b0 : Alright. Oh, and we're gonna [
\i going to
\i0 ] need some hamburger and hot dog buns. How about five packages a piece? I think that sounds about right.\

\b Scott
\b0 : Yeah, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/picnic/picsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 you better}} pick up some mustard, catchup, and mayonnaise too.\

\b Dave
\b0 : Okay. What else? Uh, we're gonna [
\i going to
\i0 ] need some soft drinks. How about ten of those big 2-liter bottles?\

\b Scott
\b0 : Sounds fine, but be sure to buy a variety of drinks.\

\b Dave
\b0 : Okay. And what about dessert?\

\b Scott
\b0 : Well, maybe we could ask Kathy to make a few cherry pies like she did last time.\

\b Dave
\b0 : Well, I wouldn't mind that, but you know, she's been very busy working two jobs, so I'd hate to ask her, [
\i Oh, hum . . . 
\i0 ] and uh . . . Hey, why don't you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/picnic/picsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 whip up}}some of your oatmeal cookies? [
\i Well . . .
\i0 ] Hey, you could even ask, uh . . . , what's her name . . . yeah that new girl, Susan, the one that moved in across the street! [
\i Well . . .
\i0 ] I {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/picnic/picsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bet}} she'd be willing to help you! [
\i I don't know . . .
\i0  ] She's a real{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/picnic/picsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 knockout}}!\

\b Scott
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/picnic/picsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nah}}, I don't think I could ask her . . .[
\i Ahh!
\i0 ] I don't know her phone number, plus . . .\
[ Door bell rings . . . ]\

\b Dave
\b0 : Hey, you don't need to. She's at the door!\

\b Scott
\b0 : What do you mean?\

\b Dave
\b0 : Well, I thought you two would {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/picnic/picsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 hit it off}}, so I called her up saying I was you, and I invited her over to watch a movie.\

\b Scott
\b0 : You did what???\

\b Dave
\b0 : Wait, wait, wait . . . [
\i uhhhhh . . .
\i0  ]}