{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Man
\b0 : So, what do you want to do tomorrow?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Woman
\b0 : Well, let's look at this city guide here. [
\i Okay
\i0 ] Uh, here's something interesting. [
\i Oh!
\i0 ]Why don't we first visit the art museum in the morning?\

\b Man
\b0 : Okay. I like that idea. And where do you want to eat lunch?\

\b Woman
\b0 : How about going to an Indian restaurant? [
\i Humm
\i0 ] The guide {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/travel/travelsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 recommends}} one downtown a few {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/travel/travelsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 blocks}} from the museum.\

\b Man
\b0 : Now that sounds great. After that, what do you think about visiting the zoo? [
\i Oh . . umm . . well . . .
\i0  ] Well, it says here that there are some very unique animals not found anywhere else.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/travel/travelsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 to tell you the truth}}, I'm not really interested in going there. [
\i Really?
\i0 ]. Yeah. Why don't we go shopping instead? There are supposed to be some really nice places to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/travel/travelsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pick up}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/travel/travelsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 souvenirs}}.\

\b Man
\b0 : Nah, I don't think that's a good idea. We only have few travelers checks left, and I only have fifty dollars left in cash.\

\b Woman
\b0 : No problem. We can use YOUR credit card to pay for MY new clothes.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, no. I remember the last time you used MY credit card for YOUR purchases.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh well. Let's take the subway down to the seashore and walk along the beach.\

\b Man
\b0 : Now that sounds like a wonderful plan.}