{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stephanie
\b0 : Hi, this is Stephanie. I can't answer the phone right now. I'm away, but feel free to call, leave a message, or text. Alright. Bye.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Ronald
\b0 : Uh, hello, uh yeah. Hi, Stephanie, or Steffi. Uh, I can't do this? Oh yeah. Uh. Yes, Stephanie, my name is Ronald, but my friends call me Ron. My parents call me, well, forget about that. Uh, I'm{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/socialmedia/socialmediasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 originally}} from Canada, but I grew in Texas.\
I'm 24 years old, and uh, I{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/socialmedia/socialmediasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 graduated}} from high school about five years ago, and I'm the manager of an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/socialmedia/socialmediasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 exotic}} pet shop. We {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/socialmedia/socialmediasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 carry}} all kinds of birds, and snakes, and spiders, and fish. We even have one snake that is about four meters long, but I keep him at home. And oh, yeah. Um, my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/socialmedia/socialmediasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 hobbies}}. I fish, hunt, and ride horses in my free time. My favorite foods are beef, beef, and beef. I don't eat many vegetables, except potatoes with my beef. And, oh yeah, I sometimes eat apples and beef sometimes.\
I have two brothers. Both of them live with me because they don't have jobs, and my mom lives with me, and I have three dogs: Brutus, Charlie, and Samantha. Oh, and one more thing. This might seem {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/socialmedia/socialmediasc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 strange}}, but I enjoy reading poetry. So, that's about it. I hope to hear from you. You can call me if you want. The number is 789-1350. Yeah, uh, right. Catch later, alligator. Oh, oh, that's so stupid. Uh, oh, Good-bye.\
}