{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ron
\b0 : Uh, could I borrow a few {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bucks}}until payday? I'm a little {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 strapped for cash}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Nancy
\b0 : Uh, yeah, I guess, but I'm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pinching pennies}} myself, and you still owe me $20 from last week. And mom and your friend Ron said you borrowed money from them this past week. [
\i Oh, yeah.
\i0 ] How ARE things going anyway?\

\b Ron
\b0 : Well, not very well. To be honest, I'm really {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 in the hole}}, and I can't seem to{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 make ends meet}} these days.\

\b Nancy
\b0 : What do you mean? I thought you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 landed}} a great job recently, so you must be {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 loaded}}.\

\b Ron
\b0 : Well, I do have a job, but I've used my credit cards to pay off a lot of things recently, but now, I can't seem to pay the money off.\

\b Nancy
\b0 : Uh, do you have a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 budget}}? I mean, how do you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 keep track of}} your income and expenses?\

\b Ron
\b0 : Well, when my money {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 runs out}}, I come to you. Of course. [
\i Great!
\i0 ] No, but I guess I should have some financial plan.\

\b Nancy
\b0 : Well, let me see if I can help you. How much money do you spend on your apartment?\

\b Ron
\b0 : Uh, I pay $890 on rent for the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 studio}} apartment downtown . . . not including{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 utilities}} and cable TV. But the place has an awesome view of the city.\

\b Nancy
\b0 : Uh, $890! Why are you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 paying through the nose}} for such a small place when you could find a cheaper one somewhere outside of the downtown area?\

\b Ron
\b0 : Yeah, I guess.\

\b Nancy
\b0 : Okay. How much money do you spend on food a month?\

\b Ron
\b0 : Hmmm. I'm not really sure. I think I spend around $600. [$
\i 600?!
\i0 ] Well, I go out to eat at least four times a week, so those expenses add up. I just don't enjoy eating alone, and I don't have a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 knack}} for cooking like you do.\

\b Nancy
\b0 : Well, I can understand that, but perhaps you ought to buy some microwaveable meals you could prepare at home.\

\b Ron
\b0 : Well, I guess I could.\

\b Nancy
\b0 : And entertainment?\

\b Ron
\b0 : Well, I spend a few dollars here and there on basketball and movie tickets, a concert or two, and ballroom dance lessons.\

\b Nancy
\b0 : Uh, exactly how much do you spend on all of these? Just a "few" dollars?\

\b Ron
\b0 : Well, oh . . . about $400 or so.\

\b Nancy
\b0 : Or so? No wonder you're having money problems. You can't just {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 blow}}your money on things like that! And what about transportation?\

\b Ron
\b0 : Oh, I {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 commute}} to work everyday in my new sports car, but I got a great deal, and my monthly payments are only $450. Come outside and take a look. We can go for a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 spin}}!\

\b Nancy
\b0 : No, I've heard enough. You've got to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 curb}} your spending, or you'll end up{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 broke}}. I suggest you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 get rid of}} your credit cards, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 cut back on}} your entertainment expenses, and sell your car. Take public transportation from now on.\

\b Ron
\b0 : Sell my car?! I can't date without a car. What am I going to say? "Uh, could you meet me downtown at the bus stop at 7:00?" Come on!\

\b Nancy
\b0 : And you need to create a budget for yourself and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/expense/expensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 stick to}} it, and start with paying off your bills, starting with me. You owe me $50 dollars.\

\b Ron
\b0 : Fifty dollars! Wait, I only borrowed $20 from you last week. How did you come up with $50?\

\b Nancy
\b0 : Financial consulting fees. My advice is at least worth $30!}