{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Daughter
\b0 : Dad. You love me, don't you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Father
\b0 : Of course, I do. Why do you ask . . . Ah, what's on your mind?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Well, I saw this great offer for a free cell phone here in the newspaper, and . . .\

\b Father
\b0 : Free? Nothing's ever free.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Well, the phone is free . . . after a $50 mail-in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cellphone/cellphonesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 rebate}}.\

\b Father
\b0 : Ah, so that's the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cellphone/cellphonesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 catch}}. And why do you need a cell phone anyway?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Dad. All my friends have one, and I can use it to call you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cellphone/cellphonesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 in case}}the car breaks down.\

\b Father
\b0 : Ah, I don't know. There are always so many {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cellphone/cellphonesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 fees}}.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : But the monthly {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cellphone/cellphonesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 charge}} for this service is only $29.99, with 1,000 free weekday minutes {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cellphone/cellphonesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 nationwide}}, and unlimited weekend minutes. Plus, unlimited, anytime minutes for anyone using the same service.\

\b Father
\b0 : I don't know.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : And you can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cellphone/cellphonesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 roll over}} the extra minutes to the next month instead of just losing them. What do you think of that?\

\b Father
\b0 : Yeah, but what is the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cellphone/cellphonesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 term}} of the service agreement?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : It's only for six months.\

\b Father
\b0 : But what if you cancel early?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Um . . . Ah, there's a cancellation fee of $200, but with . . .\

\b Father
\b0 : Two hundred bucks!\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Yeah, but you won't have to worry about me while I'm driving the new car.\

\b Father
\b0 : New car? What new car?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : The new car you'll need to buy so I can use the cell phone. I mean, what's it gonna look like if I'm using a cell phone in our old {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cellphone/cellphonesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 lemon}}.\

\b Father
\b0 : Teenagers. What'll they think of next?}