{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Daughter
\b0 : Uh, Dad. Are you going to miss me when I leave for college next week?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Father
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Yahoo}}!\

\b Daughter
\b0 : No, Dad . . . seriously. I mean you're always talking about how much money you'll save on food, hot water, and gas while I am gone.\

\b Father
\b0 : Of course I will . . . no, uh, well, I'll miss you, of course. No, honestly, I'll miss and worry about you, and you've really tried to prepare yourself. You know, I'm proud of you for that. You know, getting a university degree is a real{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 accomplishment}}.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Exactly.\

\b Father
\b0 : But, let's go over the to-do list. Do you have everything ready? I mean, did you pay your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 tuition}} and housing fees by the deadline? [
\i Yeap
\i0 .] Because, you know, if you don't, you'll lose your class schedule, and you have to register all over again.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Yeah, I paid for that a few days ago.\

\b Father
\b0 : Okay, did you sign up for the meal plan at the university so you don't have to eat instant noodles everyday?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Yeap. But Mom said I could take some food from home to get me started.\

\b Father
\b0 : Uhhh, well, yeah. The oatmeal is in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pantry}}.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Dad! Mom said I could take a bag of rice, some canned food, and . . .\

\b Father
\b0 : . . . and grandpa's old army {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 rations}}.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Ugh! Not that old stuff. Mom!\

\b Father
\b0 : Okay, okay. And you know you should set up an appointment to meet with your academic advisor to help you select future classes, right? [
\i Yeah.
\i0 ] You know, business administration will be a great major for you.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Well, Dad, uh . . .\

\b Father
\b0 : And future possibilities . . . a great salary, opportunities to make a difference in the community, and [
\i Dad. I changed my major
\i0 .] supporting . . .\

\b Father
\b0 : What? You changed you major . . . you switched majors!?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Yeah. I really thought about it. After {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 talking it over}} with Mom, I've decided to major in wildlife science.\

\b Father
\b0 : What? What are you talking about?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Yeah. I want to degree in wildlife science. You know, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 analyzing}},{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 maintaining}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 conserving}} national forests and wildlife.\

\b Father
\b0 : What? Uh, uhh . . .\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Dad. You can close your mouth now. I mean, I've ALWAYS been interested in working with nature; [
\i Well.
\i0 ] You know that, and this field will give me the opportunity to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 live out}} my dream. [
\i Well . . . 
\i0 ] I've also looked through the online university catalog, and I actually qualify for a two-year, full tuition scholarship.\

\b Father
\b0 : Wait. When did this all happen?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : I can even go on to graduate school and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 further}} my education . . . after Todd and I get married, of course.\

\b Father
\b0 : Graduate school . . . Todd? Wait, wait, wait!! Who's Todd? Ah, what's next?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Thanks for the credit card. Mom said it was a present. And I just tried it out to make sure it worked, and I had no problem buying my new laptop computer. [
\i Oh, I'm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 doomed}}!
\i0 ] Uh, Dad, where are you going?\

\b Father
\b0 : Uh, I've decided to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/universitydegree/universitydegreesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 enroll in}} night school to get another degree. That's the only way I'm going to pay for your college.}