{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Man
\b0 : Honey. Do you know what time Katie will be home?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Woman
\b0 : Uh, she should be here any minute. She took the car to pick up something from the store.\

\b Man
\b0 : Okay, I was just a little worried that . . . Man, what was that? Oh, no. The car! She drove over the mailbox and hit a tree in the front yard. Ah, the car!\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well, just don't stand there {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 blabbing}} all day. Let's go out and see if Katie's okay.\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah, my car.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Honey, are you okay?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Oh, mom. I'm so sorry. I can't believe this is happening.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, my car!\

\b Woman
\b0 : Forget your car!\

\b Man
\b0 : Driving with the cell phone. I know.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : It wasn't that at all. Don't {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 jump to conclusions}}.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, yeah.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Dad . . . uh, mom. It's not like that at all. I mean, as I was {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pulling into}} the driveway, something rolled from under the seat and got stuck under the brake pedal . . . the gas pedal . . . I, I don't know, and I couldn't stop the car. And then I accidentally hit the gas when I wanted to brake, and I hit the mailbox.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Uh, I think I know what the problem was. Honey, did you put those golf balls away like I told you? The ones YOU put under the driver's seat . . . the ones 
\i\b I
\i0\b0  told you would get in the way.\

\b Man
\b0 : Man, I thought I got those.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Plus, Mom, the windshield wipers on the car didn't work, so I couldn't see very well in the rain.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Didn't you get those fixed?\

\b Man
\b0 : Uh, I've been meaning to get those repaired.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : And mom. I was going to use the car this weekend to go camping with my friends, but now my plans are {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 ruined}}. My friends are going to hate me. What am I going to do?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Hon, yeah, what IS your daughter going to do? It appears that it's mainly your fault for the accident and that she's in such a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 jam}}.\

\b Man
\b0 : My fault? Hey, why don't you just invite your friends over for pizza? I'll buy.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Mom, we've been planning this weekend for months. I need a car.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Hon.\

\b Man
\b0 : What? I mean, man, what a predicament! That's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 tough}}.\

\b Woman
\b0 : I think what your dad is trying to say is that you can take his new Jeep.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Yeah, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 awesome}}.\

\b Man
\b0 : What?\

\b Daughter
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Yes!}}\

\b Man
\b0 : Wait, not my new Jeep. I don't even have 500 miles on it.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Four-wheeling through the mud, over big rocks and in deep {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 ruts}} in the road . . . if there IS a road.\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah.\

\b Woman
\b0 : You love your daughter, don't you?\

\b Man
\b0 : Ask me after she returns from the trip.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Ah, Dad. I'm going to call my friends to let them know of the good news. Thanks, Dad, I knew I could {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 count on}} you.\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah, but make sure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/car-accident/car-accidentsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 wrecking}} the car doesn't become a routine activity.\

\b Daughter
\b0 : Dad!}