{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mechanic
\b0 : What can we do for you today?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Car Owner
\b0 : Uh, hi. Yes, I'm having a problem with my car, and it doesn't seem to run right. I mean every time I start it up, the engine runs for a minute or so, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/repairs/repairsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 sputters}} like it isn't getting enough gas, and then dies.\

\b Mechanic
\b0 : Hmmm. Okay. Let's open the hood, and let's take a look . . . Okay, start her up.\
[
\i Engine starting . . .
\i0 ]\
Okay, Okay. Shut her off. Hmmm. [
\i So . . .
\i0 ] Let me look at the book here . . . [It] sounds like a possible fuel line, a dirty {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/repairs/repairsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 carburetor}}, bad {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/repairs/repairsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 alternator}}, or even a weak battery.\

\b Car Owner
\b0 : So, which one is it?\

\b Mechanic
\b0 : Uhh. Difficult to say. Let me try this . . . Uh, alright . . . You need to talk to the mechanic.\

\b Car Owner
\b0 : The mechanic! So, who are you?\

\b Mechanic
\b0 : Well, I'm the assistant, and I've only been here on the job for two days.\

\b Car Owner
\b0 : So, why didn't you tell me that in the first place? I mean, I wouldn't have wasted all this time!\

\b Mechanic
\b0 : You didn't ask.\

\b Car Owner
\b0 : Okay, so how much is it going to cost?\

\b Mechanic
\b0 : Ah. Difficult to say. [
\i That's what you said about the last thing!
\i0 ] Are you a local or from out of town?\

\b Car Owner
\b0 : I'm just passing through, and this is the only place for miles. [
\i Yeah, that's right.
\i0 ] Man, can't you see my license plate? [
\i Sure did!
\i0 ]\

\b Mechanic
\b0 : Okay. The out-of-town rate. Let's see. Okay, here we go. If it's a fuel line, that'll be $100 . . . No, no, That's the local rate. Here, $200 for the pre-screening check, $150 for parts, plus or minus $100, and $75 an hour for labor. Oh, oh yeah. Today's a holiday, so labor is actually $50 more per hour.\

\b Car Owner
\b0 : Huh? Those prices are {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/repairs/repairsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 outrageous}}, and what holiday is it today?\

\b Mechanic
\b0 : Oh, it's the local pumpkin festival.\

\b Car Owner
\b0 : Ah, come on. I can't believe this. Of all my luck, my car breaks down in an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/repairs/repairsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 out-of-the-way}} town [
\i That's right.
\i0 ], and it'll {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/repairs/repairsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 cost an arm and a leg}}to get my car fixed.\

\b Mechanic
\b0 : Ah, we'll take care of you. Just bring the car back on Tuesday so Mike, our mechanic, can take a look at it.\

\b Car Owner
\b0 : Why not today? It's only 11:00 a.m.!\

\b Mechanic
\b0 : Ahh, we close at 11:30 a.m. on holidays, and we're closed tomorrow and Sunday, and we're closed the following day as well.\

\b Car Owner
\b0 : I can't wait that long! I need my car repaired now.\

\b Mechanic
\b0 : Well, next week is the best we can do, but you can talk to Mike at the Pumpkin Festival.This town will grow on you. [
\i Ah, man!
\i0 ]}