{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Teacher
\b0 : Hi. Welcome to Parent-Teacher Conference.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Parent
\b0 : Thanks.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : So, what is your child's name?\

\b Parent
\b0 : It's Megan Jones.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Megan. Uh, let's see. Oh yeah, Megan. Um, she missed the last couple of days. Has she been sick?\

\b Parent
\b0 : No, she's been having some problems with the other kids in your class, and . . .\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Well, you know, junior high school is a difficult time, but she just needs to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cyberbullying/cyberbullyingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 speak up}} a little more in class. I think . . .\

\b Parent
\b0 : No, it's . . . it's more than that. Some of the kids in your class have really been {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cyberbullying/cyberbullyingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bullying}} her a lot.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : What do you mean?\

\b Parent
\b0 : Well, um, they've been {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cyberbullying/cyberbullyingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 teasing}} her a lot about her appearance, and then, the other day, you didn't help things [ 
\i What?
\i0  ] Yeah, she said you made a comment about her clothes.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : What do you mean? I mean . . .\

\b Parent
\b0 : She said you commented on her shirt and jeans, like they were from the 1970s or something like that.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Well I was just kind of joking a little bit with her.\

\b Parent
\b0 : Well, yeah, that's what you think, but other kids follow your example. In fact, one of the kids took a picture of her with their phone and posted it and had some real {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cyberbullying/cyberbullyingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 nasty}} comments on Facebook. It was terrible.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Well, you know, kids can be kids.\

\b Parent
\b0 : No, don't you get it? This is bullying; it's cyberbullying, and adults like you are part of the problem. Forget it. I'm planning on discussing this with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cyberbullying/cyberbullyingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 principal}}tomorrow.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Oh, wait, wait, wait. Um, uh, oh. I'm sorry if I hurt her feelings [ 
\i Yeah. You did!
\i0  ], but . . .\

\b Parent
\b0 : I get sick and tired of people thinking that a little teasing is okay. Too many kids are killing themselves because they feel that there's just no way to escape this.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Okay. Well, I guess I need to be a little bit more careful, but . . .\

\b Parent
\b0 : Yeah, you do. I really hope I can get Megan to come to school tomorrow. She's been really, really {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cyberbullying/cyberbullyingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 anxious}} and depressed [ 
\i Wow. 
\i0 ] for some time, and your comments and those that the other kids made haven't helped.\

\b Teacher
\b0 : Wow. Uh, I'm really sorry. Could you see if you can bring her to school tomorrow? Uh, I'd like to apologize and see what I can do to, maybe, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/cyberbullying/cyberbullyingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 improve}} the situation.\

\b Parent
\b0 : Thanks. I'd appreciate it. That would help.}