{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Greg
\b0 : Hey, sorry, I can't come to the phone now. Just leave a message . . .\
[
\i Beep
\i0 ]\

\b Dave
\b0 : Greg, greg. Where in the world are you? Hey, man. I'm in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/trouble/troublesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 hot water}}, and it's all your fault! I thought you said Cindy was single and available!! Man, were you wrong!! You should have told me that your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/trouble/troublesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 sis}} had just broken up with a seven-foot gorilla named Butch. I mean the guy is huge, and he caught me dropping her at her place, and he nearly strangled me before I could get in my car. And the guy's dog. You might have warned me about his {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/trouble/troublesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 vicious}} beast dog. The thing nearly ripped off my arm.\
Well, once I {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/trouble/troublesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 peeled out}} of the drive way, the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/trouble/troublesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 maniac}} started chasing me in his monster truck and nearly {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/trouble/troublesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 ran me off}} the road. And man, you could have told me that your car didn't have much gas 'cause it {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/trouble/troublesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 ran out}} in the middle of this dark parking lot, and I'm now hiding in the men's room of the gas station. Now, pick up the phone . . . pick it up , . . . Oh, no I can hear the guy outside and . . . hey, and your phone is going dead . . . Ah, man . . . you might have told me that this thing couldn't hold a charge . . . Ah man . . . I should have stayed home and done the laundry . . . I shouldn't have listened to your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/trouble/troublesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 wacky}}idea of going out tonight . . . Greg, Greg? Where are you?\
}