{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Man
\b0 : Hey. How are you doing these days?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Woman
\b0 : Well, I'm okay, but Brandon isn't doing so well.\

\b Man
\b0 : What do you mean?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well . . . . . I don't . . . I don't know. It's kind of a strange situation. He was dating this girl . . . you know Alex? He was dating her and then he ended up breaking up with her because she was using drugs, and . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, wow. Well, that was a good thing, right?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well, yeah, that was, but now she's really angry with him, and he's having all kinds of problems with her, like last week, she punched him in the face and in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/datingviolence/datingviolencesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 groin}} at school. Right in front of everyone.\

\b Man
\b0 : Oh, man! So, what did he do about it?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well, um . . . she told him that if he said anything to a teacher, to the principal or anyone, she would get her friends to beat him up after school.\

\b Man
\b0 : Man. This sounds really bad. I mean, you often think of men becoming{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/datingviolence/datingviolencesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 aggressive}} toward women, but I guess it can go the other way.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Yeah, yeah. You don't really think of this, but it happens, so um . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : So, what are you going to do about it?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well, first, Brandon said that, um, he was just going to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/datingviolence/datingviolencesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 let it go}}, but you know, he didn't want to cause any more problems . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah, I can see that.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Then he decided that if she was doing that to do that to him and get away with it, she'd just do it to the next guy, so he went to the principal and the school police officer and reported everything, and now they're going to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/datingviolence/datingviolencesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 press assault charges}} against her.\

\b Man
\b0 : So, isn't he worried about what her friends are going to do to him?\
Yeah, but he thinks that the other people in her group were just going along with her. [ 
\i Yeah.
\i0  ] You know, I don't know. We'll see. They're probably {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/datingviolence/datingviolencesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 frightened}} of what she might do to them. You know, she'll probably {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/datingviolence/datingviolencesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 get suspended}} and have to go to court, but I don't know. He's kind of worried about some {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/datingviolence/datingviolencesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 backlash}}.\

\b Man
\b0 : I mean, people have to realize that you can't {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/datingviolence/datingviolencesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 inflict}} violence on others, you know, in any type of relationship or friendship.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Yeah, that's right. Anyway, I guess . . . I got to go, but I'll {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/datingviolence/datingviolencesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 keep you updated}} on what happens.\

\b Man
\b0 : Alright, thanks.}