{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tonya
\b0 : Hey, Phil. Uh. Why the{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/divorcelawyer/divorcelawyersc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 gloomy}} face?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Phil
\b0 : Ah, Sharon and I are {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/divorcelawyer/divorcelawyersc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 calling it quits}}. We're breaking up. Divorce time. [
\i What?
\i0 ] I need to find a good divorce lawyer.\

\b Tonya
\b0 : What? Phil You've only been married two months. What's going on?\

\b Phil
\b0 : You just don't understand. There are just some difference we haven't been able to work out.\

\b Tonya
\b0 : Well, you've only been married two months. Like what? Things can't be THAT bad.\

\b Phil
\b0 : Oh, yeah. Yeah, they are, sis. I thought married life was going to be filled with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/divorcelawyer/divorcelawyersc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bliss}}, but things are really terrible right now.\

\b Tonya
\b0 : Like what? You haven't give me a reason yet for breaking up.\

\b Phil
\b0 : Well, okay, okay. First of all, she drinks 2% milk and won't switch of non-fat milk. [
\i So what? I do too.
\i0 ] She's always telling me to put the toilet seat . . .\

\b Tonya
\b0 : Buy two things of milk. Big deal.\

\b Phil
\b0 : She's always telling me to put the toilet seat down in the bathroom. [
\i Duh . . .
\i0 ] And, and, and, she wears this smelly facial cream. Oh, it's so smelly. And, and she . . .\

\b Tonya
\b0 : Well, that IS annoying, but so what?\

\b Phil
\b0 : And, she sometimes fall asleep with the light on. Oh yeah. And get this: she studies English grammar in her free time. [
\i Serious?
\i0 ] Really romantic, right?\

\b Tonya
\b0 : You know what? So what? It's not a big deal. That's it? Don't you think those are {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/divorcelawyer/divorcelawyersc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 petty}} reasons for wanting to get a divorce?\

\b Phil
\b0 : Hey, the movie stars do it all the time. [What?] And, AND AND . . .\

\b Tonya
\b0 : You wanna (want to) be like them?\

\b Phil
\b0 : And get this. She gets upset when I call my old girlfriend two or three times a week. I mean . . .\

\b Tonya
\b0 : WHAT? YOU'RE CALLING YOUR OLD GIRLFRIEND?\

\b Phil
\b0 : Just to say hello. That's all.\

\b Tonya
\b0 : You shouldn't be calling her! No wonder she's upset.\

\b Phil
\b0 : And I now only have one picture of my (old) girlfriend in my wallet. I got rid of the other three last week.\

\b Tonya
\b0 : You're still carrying pictures of your old girlfriend?\

\b Phil
\b0 : You just don't understand.\

\b Tonya
\b0 : What is wrong with you? Phil, be quiet and listen, Phil. What is wrong with you? You have a really screwy way of thinking about this. [
\i You don't understand.
\i0 ] Listen, listen, listen. First of all, those character flaws, as you see them, they are just habits, personal habits that aren't bad at all, but YOU a big part of the problem. [
\i WHAT?
\i0 ] Calling your old girlfriend? WHAT ARE YOU THINKING? [
\i You don't understand.
\i0 ]\
Keeping pictures of your girlfriend? Only having one in your wallet and feeling bad? What is wrong with you, Phil?\

\b Phil
\b0 : What? I'm just . . .\

\b Tonya
\b0 : No, listen. Stop thinking of yourself. You're so self-centered. I am ashamed that you are my brother.[
\i I still . . .
\i0 ] What's wrong with you?\

\b Phil
\b0 : Still, I just need a good divorce lawyer.\

\b Tonya
\b0 : A divorce lawyer is the last thing you need; maybe she needs one, but you don't.\

\b Phil
\b0 : Man. Wha . . .?\

\b Tonya
\b0 : Listen, listen. You just need to grow up. [
\i But. . .
\i0  ] Save your energy and frustration for real problems. Listen, people get really sick, sometimes people die. When you guys have kids, you're going to have some teenagers coming {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/divorcelawyer/divorcelawyersc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 down the road}}, and that's pretty scary. You're going to have some financial problems. You haven't see anything yet. I think you guys really need to get some marriage counseling; you've got to work on these problems, Phil.\

\b Phil
\b0 : Ah. WOMEN!}