{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stacy
\b0 : Hey, Brandon.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Brandon
\b0 : Yeah.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Um . . . Um . . .\

\b Brandon
\b0 : What?\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Well, I need to talk to you, and I'm not really sure how to do it. It's kind of difficult, but I kind of, I need to talk to you about something.\

\b Brandon
\b0 : Alright. Go ahead.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Okay. You know, Stephanie. [
\i Yeah
\i0 .] You're dating my sister, right? Stephanie. [Yeah, yeah.] Um, I think she's back on drugs.\

\b Brandon
\b0 : What do you mean? I, I know she had a problem in the past, but she told me that that was over.\

\b Stacy
\b0 : Well, that's what she says, but you know, I know my sister pretty well; I think I know her better than just about anyone else, and I know you guys have talked about getting married soon, and [Yeah] . . . I'm pretty sure she's using drugs again, and you really need to, you need to know this . . . you really need to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/drugaddiction/drugaddictionsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 face the facts}}, and you're going to have to deal with this now.\

\b Brandon
\b0 : So, but, I . . . again, how do you know?\

\b Stacy
\b0 : She's doing some of the same stuff, you know, um, like. Well, like. Listen, you know. Um, you've}