{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Norman
\b0 : Hey, neighbor. How's it going?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Shawn
\b0 : Fine. How about you?\

\b Norman
\b0 : Okay. Huh, by the way, my wife and I are going out of town this weekend, and I was wondering if you could take care of some of our animals while we're gone. You know our dog, Jaws, don't you?\

\b Shawn
\b0 : Yeah. My leg still hurts from the last {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/petcare/petcaresc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 incident}}.\

\b Norman
\b0 : Hey, he's just a playful little beast.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : Right.\

\b Norman
\b0 : Hey, he likes to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/petcare/petcaresc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bark}} a little, and his bark is worse than his bite.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : Oh yeah.\

\b Norman
\b0 : Just feed him a can of dog food a day, and make sure he has plenty of water in his dish. [
\i Oh
\i0 ] And then, take him for a walk around the block.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : Well, how about if I just throw a Frisbee over the fence to give him some exercise? Wouldn't that work?\

\b Norman
\b0 : Ah, and then, he likes to watch the 3:00 soap opera on Channel 4 [
\i What?
\i0 ] . . . and brush his teeth after you give you some doggie treats around 4:00.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : Man, you really {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/petcare/petcaresc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pamper}} your dog.\

\b Norman
\b0 : And, then brush his fur for about twenty minutes. He tends to shed this time of year. [
\i Ah, what?
\i0 ] And then scratch him around the ears. Otherwise, he feels neglected.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : Is that it?\

\b Norman
\b0 : Well, and then there's Claws.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : Claws? Who's Claws.\

\b Norman
\b0 : Oh, he's the cat we {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/petcare/petcaresc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 adopted}} from the animal shelter, but he's a little {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/petcare/petcaresc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 temperamental}}.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : What do you mean "temperamental"?\

\b Norman
\b0 : Well, he has mood swings [
\i Mood swings?
\i0 ], but he's been doing better since he's been going to the animal therapist.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : A therapist?\

\b Norman
\b0 : So, be sure to feed him a half cup of cat food two times a day [
\i What? A therapist . . .
\i0 ], and don't forget to put out (on) some soft classical music during his nap time at 2:40 p.m. But don't let him out of the house because he might run away and chase the neighbor's dog.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : You have some high-maintenance animals.\

\b Norman
\b0 : Not really. And, don't forget to change the cat litter daily, or he might have an accident on the carpet. [
\i Oh, great.
\i0 ] And finally, there's Buttercup.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : Buttercup? Who's Buttercu . . . ? I'm afraid to ask.\

\b Norman
\b0 : Ah, she's a sweetie [
\i What?
\i0 ] . . . if you know how to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/petcare/petcaresc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 handle}} her right. [
\i Oh, great.
\i0 ] Wait. Let me get her for you. Here you are.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : That's . . . That's a snake . . .[
\i Hold her.
\i0 ] That's a big snake with big {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/petcare/petcaresc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 fangs}}. Does the snake go to a therapist, too?\

\b Norman
\b0 : Of course not . . . just an anger-management class.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : Oh! What?\

\b Norman
\b0 : I'm joking. Buttercup is a very {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/petcare/petcaresc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 docile}} creature, and she never bites anyone she likes. If she doesn't, you'll know because she starts hissing and staring at you . . . . kind like what she's doing now.\

\b Shawn
\b0 : Well, I'm leaving. You must be {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/petcare/petcaresc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 going out of you mind}} to think I'm going to watch a zoo full of misunderstood animals. You'd better hire some professional help 'cause I wouldn't watch them even if you paid me a million dollars.}