{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lisa
\b0 : Hi, Tim. So, are you doing some last-minute shopping before the weekend?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Tim
\b0 : Well, actually, I'm looking for supplies to put together 72-hour kits for each member of my family.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : [A] 72-hour kit? What's that?\

\b Tim
\b0 : Basically, a 72-hour kit contains emergency supplies you would need to{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 sustain}} yourself for three days in case of an emergency, like an earthquake.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : An earthquake?! We haven't had an earthquake in years.\

\b Tim
\b0 : Well, you never know; you have to be prepared. Hey, if earthquakes don't get you, it could be a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 flood}}, hurricane, snowstorm, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 power outage}}, fire, alien attack. [
\i Alien attack!
\i0 ] Well, you never know. Think of any situation in which you might find yourself without the basic necessities of life, including{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 shelter}}, food, and water, for over a period of time.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : Hum. So, what do you keep in a 42-hour, um, . . . I mean 72-kit?\

\b Tim
\b0 : Well, you should have enough food and water to last you three days, and you might want to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pack}} a basic water filter or water {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 purification}} tablets in case your only water source turns out to be a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 murky}} pool of bug-infested water. [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf4 \strokec4 Ugh}}
\i !
\i0 ]\
Hey, sometimes you don't have a choice, and as for food, you should keep it simple: food that requires no preparation and that doesn't {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 spoil}}. And no canned goods because they are often too heavy and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bulky}}. [
\i Okay, that makes sense.
\i0 ] And unless you have a can opener or the can has a pull-tab lid, you'll have to use a rock or something to open them. [
\i Ah, instant mashed green beens.
\i0 ] Yeah, and oh, energy bars, beef jerky, and a mix of nuts, raisins, and chocolate are possibilities.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : Huh, the food might be {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 nasty}}, but I guess you could survive . . . barely.\

\b Tim
\b0 : Well, the food doesn't have to taste bad; just select things that are easy to prepare, and you might want to include some basic comfort foods like a couple of candy bars. Then, you have to decide on the type of shelter you might need.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : A hotel sounds nice.\

\b Tim
\b0 : Yeah, but that's really not an option. The reality is that you might have to{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 evacuate}} to a shelter, possibly with hundreds or thousands of other people.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : That doesn't sound very fun . . . everyone {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 packed together like sardines}}in a can. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Unsanitary}} conditions. Disease.\

\b Tim
\b0 : Ah, now you're sounding paranoid, but if a shelter isn't available, you might be completely on your own, so I always pack an emergency sleeping bag or small, lightweight tent in the event that I have to survive on the street or in a park.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : Wow.\

\b Tim
\b0 : And among other things, you should pack a flashlight, portable radio, extra batteries, a small first-aid kit, personal items like a toothbrush or toothpaste . . . Having a change of clothing is also important.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : What about money? I have a credit card.\

\b Tim
\b0 : Right. Like that's going to help when the power is out. You'd better be prepared with coins and cash, and having small bills is a must.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : So, what do you do to communicate with other family members in case you get separated?\

\b Tim
\b0 : Oh, in that case? I always pack two-way radios to communicate with the group. You can never depend on cell phones. [
\i Okay.
\i0 ] Plus, you should decide on a meeting point in case your family gets separated.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : Well, that sounds like a detailed plan, definitely.\

\b Tim
\b0 : Oh, that's not all. You never know what weather conditions you might encounter, so packing a rain {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 poncho}}, a jacket, and something to start a fire with could be very useful.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : Like Matches?\

\b Tim
\b0 : Matches? (If) You drop those in a puddle of water, you're {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 toast}}. You need to pack at least three forms of fire starter: a magnifying glass, a high-quality lighter, and waterproof matches.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : Wow. I never thought about those either. So, what do you do if you have small kids? They'd probably go {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 stir-crazy}} under such conditions.\

\b Tim
\b0 : You're exactly right, so a little extra preparation for them is needed. If you have to evacuate to a shelter to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 wait out}} a disaster, kids soon will be{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/emergencykit/emergencykitsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bored out of their minds}}, so you have to pack small card games, paper, or something like pencils or crayons to draw with.\

\b Lisa
\b0 : You know, preparing a 72-hour kit makes perfect sense . . .\

\b Tim
\b0 : Yeah, but most people thinking about it after it is too late.}