{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Father
\b0 : Mikey. Time for bed [
\i Why?
\i0 ] Why? It's getting dark out. Well, do you want to talk before you go to bed? [
\i Yeah
\i0 ] Uh, what do you want to talk about?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Boy
\b0 : Um, the zoo.\

\b Father
\b0 : The zoo? Oh, that was so fun when we went to the zoo. What did you like best about the zoo?\

\b Boy
\b0 : Um, the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/zoo/zoosc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 porcupines}}.\

\b Father
\b0 : They were big, weren't they. And what else . . . yeah. What else do you remember?\

\b Boy
\b0 : Um, the two giraffes.\

\b Father
\b0 : The two giraffes? And were they taller than me or shorter than me?\

\b Boy
\b0 : Over your head.\

\b Father
\b0 : They were over my head. They were pretty tall. And what else do you remember? I remember . . . didn't you see an elephant? [
\i Yeah
\i0 ] What about the elephant do you remember? [
\i Um
\i0 ] What was he . . . was he eating? [
\i Yeah
\i0 ] He was eating. And then, mommy said something happened with the elephant. That he did something.\

\b Boy
\b0 : He {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/zoo/zoosc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 throwed}} dirt on us.\

\b Father
\b0 : He did? Oh, how did he do that? With his foot?\

\b Boy
\b0 : No, with his {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/zoo/zoosc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 trunk}}.\

\b Father
\b0 : And then you fed some ducks. What color were the ducks?\

\b Boy
\b0 : White.\

\b Father
\b0 : And what other animals do you remember?[
\i Um
\i0 ] Wasn't there some type of show.\

\b Boy
\b0 : Yeah. A bird show.\

\b Father
\b0 : A bird show? What did the birds do?\

\b Boy
\b0 : Um, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/zoo/zoosc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 flied}}.\

\b Father
\b0 : Oh, they flew around!\

\b Boy
\b0 : One flied.\

\b Father
\b0 : Oh, one flew. Were they good birds? [
\i Yeah
\i0 ] Were they {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/zoo/zoosc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 naughty}} at all?\

\b Boy
\b0 : One was naughty.\

\b Father
\b0 : What did it do?\

\b Boy
\b0 : Um, did, to, thing, what you . . . it the . . . the man what it could not do. [Translation: It did something it wasn't supposed to do.]\

\b Father
\b0 : Uhh, okay. And then you saw some butterflies, didn't you? [
\i Yeah
\i0 ] What colors were they?\

\b Boy
\b0 : After the bird show.\

\b Father
\b0 : After the bird show you saw them. And were the butterflies flying around all over the zoo?\

\b Boy
\b0 : Uh, um, they're inside.\

\b Father
\b0 : They were inside, what, a little building? [
\i Yeah
\i0 ] What was the building made of? Was it made of wood? [
\i No
\i0 ] What was it made of? [
\i Glass
\i0 ] Oh, made of glass. And couldn't the butterflies fly out of the glass? [
\i No
\i0 ] No, oh, what stopped them from flying out?\

\b Boy
\b0 : Um, the air.\

\b Father
\b0 : Oh, the air. Oh, there was air coming down? [
\i Yeah
\i0 ] Oh, well that's great. Well, it's time to go to bed now. Sleep tight and don't let the bed bugs bite. Good night.\

\b Boy
\b0 : Good night.}