{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Man
\b0 : Well, I couldn't have picked out a better spot to fish. What do you think?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Woman
\b0 : Uh . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : I mean, the water is so clear here. Listen to the birds and the sounds of nature.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Well . . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : I mean, I'm not {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fishing/fishingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bragging}} or anything, but I have a real sense for fishing. I mean, I was born to fish, you know, my dad used to say.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Really?\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah.\

\b Woman
\b0 : When was the last time you caught a fish? Didn't you tell me that you went fishing six or seven times last month and didn't catch anything?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, Well, I'm not making excuses or anything, but the weather was bad a couple of times, and, and . . . and a fish {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fishing/fishingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 dragged}} my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fishing/fishingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 pole}} into the water while I wasn't looking another time [ 
\i No way! Serious?
\i0  ] , and . . . and I wasn't wearing my fishing hat another day.\

\b Woman
\b0 : You have to have a fishing hat to catch fish?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, today is different. Listen.\

\b Woman
\b0 : What's different about it? We've been here about an hour, and you still haven't caught anything.\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, do you think you can do any better, or are you just going to sit there and continue reading that book?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Okay, let me show you. Let me show you. Give me that pole. I'll show you. I'm just to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fishing/fishingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 cast}} the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fishing/fishingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bait}} out right over . . . . there . . . perfect.\

\b Man
\b0 : Ah, right. You'll probably catch a tree branch or get your line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fishing/fishingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 snagged}} in a tree.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Yeah, you're going to see. Just wait.\

\b Man
\b0 : Some big shoe or something like that.\

\b Woman
\b0 : You just wait. You have to be patient. [ 
\i Yeah.
\i0  ] Yeah . . . Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh! I got a bite. Oh, man, man, man. Look at that! That fish is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fishing/fishingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 huge}}.\

\b Man
\b0 : Wow, wait, wait, wait, wait. Can't . . . . that . . no, no, no.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Yes, it is, it is. Help me! Come on. Help me! Come on. Help me. I'm trying to reel it in. Help me!\

\b Man
\b0 : I . . . I got to go back to the car.\

\b Woman
\b0 : No, no. Look! Look at thing jump! Go get the net! Get the net!\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, nah . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : Come on. You gotta help me catch it!\

\b Man
\b0 : That's beginner's luck.\

\b Woman
\b0 : No. Come on. Wow! I got it Look at that. What are you going to say now? Huh? Huh? What are you going to say?\

\b Man
\b0 : Nothing!\

\b Woman
\b0 : So look who's teaching who. I'm going to remember this day FOREVER.\

\b Man
\b0 : Forget it.}