{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Florist
\b0 : Hi. May I help you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Customer
\b0 : Yeah. Um. You see, I need some flowers for my wife, and uh, and, you know, I . . .\

\b Florist
\b0 : Let . . . Let me guess. You forget your anniversary, and you're trying to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/flowershop/flowershopsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 make things up}}, right?\

\b Customer
\b0 : Oh. Yeah, is it that obvious?\

\b Florist
\b0 : Well, yeah. We see men like you all the time that are so involved in their work that they simply forget about us.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Well, in, in . . . in this case, it's not like that.\

\b Florist
\b0 : Sure. What do you need?\

\b Customer
\b0 : Well, uh, I'd like to get a dozen roses with some greenery, and a very nice card.\

\b Florist
\b0 : Do you really think a dozen roses is going to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/flowershop/flowershopsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 cut it}}?\

\b Customer
\b0 : Well, yeah . . .\

\b Florist
\b0 : I mean, if my husband forgot our anniversary, he'd {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/flowershop/flowershopsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 be in the doghouse}} for sure. [
\i Well . . .
\i0 ] You need at least two dozen roses, a dozen balloons, and a romantic evening at an expensive restaurant.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Well, I only have $10, and . . .\

\b Florist
\b0 : Ten dollars? Well, that will buy you a single rose and a hamburger at McDonalds, but that's it.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Uh, wait. I actually have twelve dollars and . . . wait, hang on, let me see here . . . thirty-two cents, so that might be . . .\

\b Florist
\b0 : Forget playing golf this weekend. Your wife is way more important.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Oh, no. OH, NO! My wife is out in the parking lot looking for me. Oh. And, and . . . she's looking this way. PLEASE, PLEASE. Help me! She'll {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/flowershop/flowershopsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 wring my neck}} for sure.\

\b Florist
\b0 : Okay, Okay. Uh, let's see. Hum. [
\i PLEASE, PLEASE!
\i0 ]. Well, well, it looks like I can arrange a small bouquet of roses. [
\i Okay.
\i0 ] A couple are a little {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/flowershop/flowershopsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 wilted}} [
\i Oh, that's okay.
\i0 ], but that's the best I can do. [
\i Oh, yes. Oh, yes. That's fine.
\i0 ] And I can also attach a small card and tie a nice ribbon around the flowers.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Oh, that would be great. You're a lifesaver. I'll put you on my Christmas card list forever.\

\b Florist
\b0 : Okay. Okay. That'll be twelve dollars even.\

\b Customer
\b0 : You're an angel. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, no. [
\i What?
\i0 ] Now, she's parked in front of your store waiting for me. I'm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/flowershop/flowershopsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 dead meat}}. Do you have a back door?\

\b Florist
\b0 : No! It looks like you need to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/flowershop/flowershopsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 face the music}} and just talk to her. [
\i I can't, I can't.
\i0 ] She'll probably be very understanding after you promise . . . [
\i You don't know my wife.
\i0 ] Well, you need to promise to wash the dishes and clean the bathroom for the next six months. Get out there and be a man.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Could you call an ambulance . . . just in case? This could get {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/flowershop/flowershopsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 ugly}}.\

\b Florist
\b0 : Men.}