{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sam
\b0 : Hey, Henry, how's everything going, and what's with the flowers?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Henry
\b0 : They're for my wife.\

\b Sam
\b0 : Oh, a wedding anniversary or something?\

\b Henry
\b0 : To tell the truth, it couldn't be worse. [
\i Oh
\i0 ]. You see, I have to pick my wife up from the airport this evening, but while she was gone, there were a few minor {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/night/nightsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 mishaps}}.\

\b Sam
\b0 : Oh really? What happened?\

\b Henry
\b0 : Well, I had some of the guys over Friday night to watch a basketball game on TV, but one of them got all excited, and started {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/night/nightsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 horsing around}}, waving his arms, and he accidentally knocked over my wife's 250-year old Chinese porcelain vase given to her [
\i Oh no!
\i0 ], given to her by her grandmother, and broke it beyond repair.\

\b Sam
\b0 : Man, have you tried . . .\

\b Henry
\b0 : . . . super glue? Yeap, but she would be able to tell in a second I was trying {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/night/nightsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 to pull something over her eyes}}.\

\b Sam
\b0 : Oh, wow. You're {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/night/nightsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 in hot water}} now.\

\b Henry
\b0 : If it had only been that.\

\b Sam
\b0 : Oh, there's more?\

\b Henry
\b0 : Yeah, you see, the water from the vase spilled all over the manuscript of a book my wife has been writing for the past two years. It blurred the ink over many of the pages. [
\i Oh no.
\i0 ] And so one of the guys had the bright idea of drying the pages by the fire while we watched, uh, the rest game, but a spark from the fire must have blown out and burned the manuscript to a crisp.\

\b Sam
\b0 : But what about an electronic file copy? Had one, didn't she?\

\b Henry
\b0 : Well, actually, her computer crashed the day before while I was playing some computer games, and I haven't been able to get it to work since.\

\b Sam
\b0 : Man, are you in trouble now. [
\i I know.
\i0 ] You're going to have a hard time {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/night/nightsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 digging yourself out of this one}}. [
\i Yeah
\i0 .] Ah, so I get it now. You're buying the flowers for her as a part of some kind of peace offering, right?\

\b Henry
\b0 : No, not at all. They're for my funeral.\

\b Sam
\b0 : [
\i laughter
\i0 ]}