{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Patient
\b0 : Hi. Dr. Hyde?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Dentist
\b0 : So, what's seems to be the problem today?\

\b Patient
\b0 : Well, I just came in for a check up and a dental cleaning.\

\b Dentist
\b0 : Hum. Open up. Let's take a look . . .\

\b Patient
\b0 : Okay. Uh . . .\

\b Dentist
\b0 : Hummmm. [
\i Humm? Uh?
\i0 ] Wow! I've never seen one like THIS before. Let me try this.\

\b Patient
\b0 : Uhhh . . . Ouhhhh [
\i Man screaming in pain . . .
\i0 ]\

\b Dentist
\b0 : Well, besides a lot of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 plaque}} buildup, there is a major {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 cavity}} in one of your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 wisdom teeth}}. [
\i I feel that
\i0 .] Hasn't this given you any trouble?\

\b Patient
\b0 : Well, the tooth has been bothering me, and it sometimes hurts when I drink something cold. Does it look that bad?\

\b Dentist
\b0 : Well, we're going to remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 decay}}, and then we'll either put a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 filling}} in, or if the decay is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 extensive}}, we can't repair it, we might have to put a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 crown}} on your tooth. Or as a last resort, we may have to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 extract}} the tooth.\

\b Patient
\b0 : Uh, well, that sounds painful!\

\b Dentist
\b0 : Don't worry. I've done this . . . once before. [
\i Huh?
\i0 ] Nah, just relax.\

\b Patient
\b0 : Wait! Aren't you suppose to give me something to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 dull}} the pain?\

\b Dentist
\b0 : Uh, chicken. Oh yeah. I almost forgot. We can either use a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 localanesthetic}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 nitrous oxide}} . . . laughing gas. . . to minimize the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 discomfort}} you might feel. Or you can just grin and bear it.\

\b Patient
\b0 : Nah, Nah, nah! Put me under! [
\i I thought so.
\i0 ] I can't stand pain, and I'd rather not be aware of what's going on. And, if I need a filling, can I get one that looks like my other teeth?\

\b Dentist
\b0 : If we can save the tooth with a filling, I recommend a high-strength silver {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 alloy}} filling instead of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/dental/dentalsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 porcelain}} one. It'll probably last longer.\

\b Patient
\b0 : Okay, well whatever. Let's get it over with.\

\b Dentist
\b0 : Okay, pleasant dreams. Drill please.}