{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red251\green0\blue135;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \trwWidth6000\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5760\clftsWidth3 \clmart20 \clmarl20 \clmarb20 \clmarr20 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt80 \clpadl80 \clpadb80 \clpadr80 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Kelly
\b0 : So, have you found a job yet?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Josh
\b0 : No, but, I have a few {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 leads}}, so things are {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 looking up}}.\

\b Kelly
\b0 : But isn't that what you always say?\

\b Josh
\b0 : Well . . . uh . . . this time is different.\

\b Kelly
\b0 : What are you looking for this time, then?\

\b Josh
\b0 : Actually, I want to work for a Web hosting company.\

\b Kelly
\b0 : What would you do there?\

\b Josh
\b0 : Well, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 in a nut shell}}, Web hosting companies {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 provide}} space for people to store and run their Websites. Does it sound like I know what I'm talking about?\

\b Kelly
\b0 : Oh, yeah, sort of.\

\b Josh
\b0 : Well, And then, sort of? Well, they allow people to run their Web sites without having to buy and maintain their own servers, and I'd like to work in technical support, you know, helping customers resolve computer-related problems with their sites. And you know I'm a good communicator.\

\b Kelly
\b0 : So, how's the pay for that {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 kind}} of job?\

\b Josh
\b0 : Well, most people l know start out with a very {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 reasonable}} salary; you can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 earn}} pay increases depending on your performance.\

\b Kelly
\b0 : So, what about benefits?\

\b Josh
\b0 : Oh, the benefits are pretty good. They provide health insurance, two weeks (of) paid vacation a year, and opportunities for advancement. And {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 in the end}}, I'd like to work in a management position. You know, sitting back, enjoying the view out of the twentieth-story window of the office building. Something like that.\

\b Kelly
\b0 : Well, is there any long-term job security in a job like that?\

\b Josh
\b0 : Uhh. That's hard to tell. I mean, the Internet is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 booming}}, and these kinds of companies are {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 sprouting up}} everywhere, which is a good thing, but just like the dot-com {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 era}}, you never know how long things will last.\

\b Kelly
\b0 : Well, have you ever thought about going back to school to improve your job skills?\

\b Josh
\b0 : Wait, wait. What are you suggesting?\

\b Kelly
\b0 : Well, you know, more training might help you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobhunting/jobhuntingsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 land}} a better job.\

\b Josh
\b0 : Wh . . . wh . . . Are you trying to say something about my current job? I mean, is there something going on here? I mean, what are you saying?\

\b Kelly
\b0 : You know, you did drop out of college.\

\b Josh
\b0 : I know, I know, but I don't know. I'm just seeing my current job at McDonalds as a step up. [
\i McDonalds!
\i0 ]. Yeah, but, you know, I don't have the resources to go back to school at the moment; however, the job I am looking at will pay for some classes after I have been with the company for six months.\

\b Kelly
\b0 : Well, it looks like you have things planned out this time.\

\b Josh
\b0 : If I last that long.}