{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Woman
\b0 : Hi. Thanks for coming to the interview today. It's nice to meet you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Man
\b0 : Well, thank you.\

\b Woman
\b0 : To begin with, why don't you tell us a little about yourself?\

\b Man
\b0 : Okay. Um, yeah. I've always been interested in teaching in a language program like this, and uh, I graduated with a degree in English and psychology eight years ago, [ 
\i Oh, really, both?
\i0  ]. Yeah, and uh then I {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 landed my first job}}overseas in Japan.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh, wow. That's pretty {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 impressive}}. What did you do there? What kind of work?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, I worked full time, um, for a private language school in Tokyo for the first two years, and then I found a job at a community college.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh really? So, exactly what did you do in your work there then?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, I taught English and, uh, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 culinary arts}}.\

\b Woman
\b0 : You taught cooking classes?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, well, I know it sounds like an unusual combination, but I completed a program in culinary arts before I got my, uh, English and psychology degrees.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh, Wow. You've done a lot, haven't you? [ 
\i Yeah.
\i0  ] So, what exactly, um, how did you teach and what exactly did you do?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, um, many of my students wanted to become chefs in restaurants, or they wanted to start their own restaurants, uh, and in our area, there were many, uh, tourists {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 tourist spots}}. A lot of tourists came to that particular area, and so with English, they would be able to communicate not only with suppliers, you know things that they need for restaurant's food and so forth, but also with their customers, and so I taught them English and cooking at the same time.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Wow. That's, that's pretty impressive. That's interesting. [ 
\i . . . and tasty.
\i0  ] Oh, I bet. So, why did you return to the United States? How long have you been back?\

\b Man
\b0 : I've been back for, uh, probably about a year now.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Okay, so what brought you back then?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, one of my former students opened a sushi restaurant, uh, in town, and he asked me to work with him.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Really? What's the name of the restaurant?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, it's called Flying Sushi. Have you ever heard of it?\

\b Woman
\b0 : Yes, I've been there. Their food is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 fabulous}}; it's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 top-notch}}. It's really hard just to get a reservation there.\

\b Man
\b0 : I know, and uh, well, I work there two weeknights, and uh, and then . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : So, two nights a week you're working there still?\

\b Man
\b0 : Right, right, but then, but . . . I want to return to teaching. I've also been working as a therapist at a treatment center for teenagers {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 struggling withdepression}} and other mental health {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 disorders}}.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Oh, wow, that would be a really interesting job.\

\b Man
\b0 : It is, it is.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Wow. You have such a wide range of experience. Uh, you know, to be honest, we have fifteen people who are applying for this position. You've got quite a background, but why don't you tell me three reasons why you would be the best person for this job.\

\b Man
\b0 : Um, well, first of all, uh, I understand that different students have different learning styles, and for that reason, I have used iPads, video, music, cooking, drama, role plays, and games to reach every student. [ 
\i That's good.
\i0  ] And second, I have a background in academic and psychological counseling and advising [ 
\i Uh, huh
\i0  ] . . . skills that are often needed, you know, in working with international students.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Yeah, that could be really useful.\

\b Man
\b0 : Yeah, so you know, many of them struggle with, uh, emotional {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 turmoil}}, you know, home sickness . . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : Yeah, coming to a new place . . .\

\b Man
\b0 : Right, so making the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 transition}} can be very {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/jobinterview/jobinterviewsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 overwhelming}}, and uh . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : Good. So, what would you say would be a third reason?\

\b Man
\b0 : And finally, I speak four different languages . . . .\

\b Woman
\b0 : Four? Wow! What languages do you speak?\

\b Man
\b0 : Well, I speak Spanish, Portuguese, and Japanese at an advanced level. [ 
\i At an advanced level? Wow.
\i0  ] And I also speak Arabic at a high-intermediate level.\

\b Woman
\b0 : That's very, very impressive. You do have an impressive resume.\

\b Man
\b0 : Thank you.\

\b Woman
\b0 : Uh, what we're doing . . . we're going to have two rounds of interviews, and we will contact you on Friday and let you know whether or not you'll be coming back for the second round of interviews.\

\b Man
\b0 : Okay.\

\b Woman
\b0 : It's been really nice meeting you, and thank you for your time.}