{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Server
\b0 : Hi. Welcome to Joe's Hamburger Restaurant. [
\i Hi
\i0 ] Home of the one-pound super {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fastfood/fastfoodsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 deluxe}} hot and spicy cheeseburger. Will this be for here or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fastfood/fastfoodsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 to go}}?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Customer
\b0 : Uh, to go.\

\b Server
\b0 : Okay. What would you like today? Would you like to try the one-pound super hot and spicy cheeseburger?\

\b Customer
\b0 : Uh. I don't think so. I'd probably have heartburn for a week after {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fastfood/fastfoodsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 downing}} that monster.\

\b Server
\b0 : Well. It's our house special this week, and it comes with fries, and a large specialty drink called "Everything-but-the-kitchen-sink."\

\b Customer
\b0 : A what? "Everything-but-the-kitchen-sink"? What in the world is that?\

\b Server
\b0 : Well, it's a little mix of everything in a large cup: Pepsi, Sprite, Fanta Orange, and lemonade with crushed ice and a scoop of ice cream.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Ah, that sounds disgusting.\

\b Server
\b0 : Hey, it'll {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fastfood/fastfoodsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 grow on you}}.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Nay, I think I'll just order a hamburger with some mustard and lettuce and a glass of water.\

\b Server
\b0 : Boring. Hey. Would you care for anything else like a side order of amazing cheesy onion rings?\

\b Customer
\b0 : No thank you. Onion rings usually {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fastfood/fastfoodsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 don't agree with me}}.\

\b Server
\b0 : Hmm. Okay. Your total comes to ten ninety (
\i $10.90
\i0 ).\

\b Customer
\b0 : Ten ninety? For just a hamburger?! You've got to be kidding\

\b Server
\b0 : Well, the one-pound super deluxe hamburger is nine dollars.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Hey, I didn't order a one-pound burger. I just wanted a simple burger. That's all.\

\b Server
\b0 : Well, sir. Joe's Hamburger Restaurant only serves one-pound burgers. [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fastfood/fastfoodsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf4 \strokec4 Man!}}] The one-pound super hot and spicy, the one-pound barbecue burger, the one-pound bacon cheese burger, the one-pound . . .\

\b Customer
\b0 : No, no. Those are all huge.\

\b Server
\b0 : Well, sir. If you really want something smaller [
\i Yeah
\i0 ], you should order from the kids' menu: The half-pound super hot and spicy burger, the half-pound barbecue burger, the half-pound bacon cheese burger, the half-pound . . .\

\b Customer
\b0 : No. Those are still giant burgers.\

\b Server
\b0 : Well, in these parts, we are {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/fastfood/fastfoodsc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 hearty eaters}}.\

\b Customer
\b0 : Okay, but you said my total was ten ninety, but the burger only comes to ten bucks. What about the other ninety cents?\

\b Server
\b0 : Well, sir. We only serve natural spring water from yonder hills, and . . .\

\b Customer
\b0 : Okay, okay. I'll take the giant burger and a bottle of your spring water. The sandwich should feed me for a week.}