{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Welcome to today's news segment, highlighting business opportunities on the Internet. One such opportunity is a program called Adsense from the major search engine, Google. Basically, Adsense is a simple and easy way for Website owners to place {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/adsense/adsensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 discreet}} ads on their sites as a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/adsense/adsensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 means}} of earning income. You simply insert certain lines of code and then receive a certain percentage of resulting revenue.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 What is so nice about this program is that it is very simple and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/adsense/adsensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 straightforward}}to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/adsense/adsensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 implement}} and maintain. Here are some points you should keep in mind.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 First, the program is free to join.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Next, you only have to add a snippet of code to each page to display the ads.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Also, Google serves up ads on your pages that are {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/adsense/adsensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 relevant}} to your site's content. These ads also {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/adsense/adsensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 enhance}} the content and substance of your own pages.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Also, the ads are less noticeable (and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/adsense/adsensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 annoying}}) than pop-up or pop-under ads, and you can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/adsense/adsensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 customize}} the look and feel, and placement of the ads.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Furthermore, you don't have to deal with advertisers since Google manages the entire program.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Finally, an online area gives you statistics as to the performance of your account.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 As you can see, the Adsense program can be beneficial to both sides in allowing advertisers to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/adsense/adsensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 spread the word}} about their products and services, while Websites who {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/adsense/adsensesc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 display}} the ads can earn money to support their own businesses or interests. Visit the Google Web site and read the Terms of Service to learn more about this program and see if Adsense is right for you.\
}