{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue193;\red251\green0\blue135;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Girl
\b0 : Dad, can I go to a movie with Sharon?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Dad
\b0 : Yeah, sure, but wait. Weren't you {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/grades/gradessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 supposed}} to get a report card sometime this past week?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Well, oh yeah. Can I call Sharon now?\

\b Dad
\b0 : Uh-hum. You didn't answer my question. Did you receive it or not?\

\b Girl
\b0 : I love you Dad! You're the best!\

\b Dad
\b0 : Don't try to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/grades/gradessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 butter me up}}. I can guess that your answer means that you didn't do well in some of your classes?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Well, my English teacher is soooo boring, and he {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/grades/gradessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 blows up}} every time someone talks.\

\b Dad
\b0 : In other words, you're not doing so well?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Uh, a C . . . minus.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Oh. Well, how are you doing in your Spanish class? You said you liked that one.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Well, I do, but I forgot to turn in a couple of assignments, and I had problems on the last test. All those verbs {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/grades/gradessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 tripped me up}}. I get them all mixed up in my head!\

\b Dad
\b0 : Okay, and what about algebra?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Ah, I'm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/grades/gradessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 acing}} that class. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/grades/gradessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 No sweat}}.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Oh!\

\b Girl
\b0 : Can I go now?\

\b Dad
\b0 : And how are you doing in history?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Oh, that's my favorite class. Mr. Jones is always {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/grades/gradessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 passing out}} candy if you know the answers to his questions.\

\b Dad
\b0 : Great. Now, I have a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/grades/gradessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 bright}} daughter with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/grades/gradessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 tooth decay}}.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Ah, Dad. Can I go now?\

\b Dad
\b0 : You can go if you answer my history question. How old am I?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Uh, fifty-five?\

\b Dad
\b0 : Fifty-five! You just failed a math and history test at the same time!\

\b Girl
\b0 : Dad . . .\

\b Dad
\b0 : Well, okay, but you need to come {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.esl-lab.com/grades/gradessc1.htm#key"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 straight}} home from the movie, and you need to practice your clarinet.\

\b Girl
\b0 : Oh, I forgot about that grade?\

\b Dad
\b0 : What?\

\b Girl
\b0 : Gotta run, Dad.}